We keep website usage information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above. Account information is retained until you delete the account and for a limited period thereafter. Where you have provided information in forms, we retain the information as long as it is required, depending on the nature of the request. If you unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from us, we will keep a record of this to ensure that you do not receive such communications in the future.
We keep information collected on behalf of our customers for as long as necessary and pursuant to contractual terms. We dispose of information that is not held pursuant to contractual terms in a commercially reasonable time period or at the request of a customer.
 
If you are an employee or customer of a client of MRI’s, accessing portions of the Sites which are restricted by user credentials, then your data will be kept until the earlier of: (i) twelve months following the end of the contractual relationship with the client or MRI; (ii) twelve months following the date on which the user or client removes the personal information; or (iii) a verified erasure request, which is not subject to an exception for not erasing the data.  For all personal information not related to employment or providing contracted services to your organization, we will retain until two (2) years following the latest date of activity.
 
TWiT LLC will retain your Personally Identifiable Information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personally Identifiable Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
TWiT LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter time, except when it is used to strengthen the security or improve the TWiT Services’ functionality. We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
