By posting messages, uploading files or otherwise providing any material for display on the Service, you are representing that you are the owner of the material or are making your submission with the express consent of the owner of the material. In addition, when you post a message, upload a file or otherwise provide us with material for display on the Service, you are granting detroitnews.com a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to: 
1. 1. Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication on any publishing platform. 
2. Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication. 
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting.
We may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, and/or a third-party ad serving software, to collect non-personally identifiable information about site users and site activity, and we may use this information to, among other things, serve targeted advertisements on this site. The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests, trends and patterns, thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users.
We also may use third-party service providers, including Yahoo!, to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site. We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest, from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site. These providers may use their own cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information from our Site. These service providers may use that information, sometimes in conjunction with similar non-personally identifiable information gathered through other websites, to deliver advertisements on this Site, and on other websites that participate in our service providers’ advertising networks, that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers. In addition, Yahoo!, which is one of our third-party advertising service providers, may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display on this Site. The non-personally identifiable information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement’s effectiveness, or for other purposes.
The data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number, but it may include the IP address of your computer.
The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers is governed by the relevant third party’s privacy policy and is not covered by our privacy policy. If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular service provider, or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a service provider’s information collection practices, please 
click here.
All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make any such preference, limitation, or discrimination." State law may also forbid discrimination based on these factors and others. We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. To complain of discrimination call the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development at 800-669-9777.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall detroitnews.com, its subsidiary and parent companies or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, detroitnews.com materials, products or services, or third-party materials, products or services made available through the Service, or any part of the Service, even if detroitnews.com is advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. (Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain categories of damages, the above limitation many not apply to you. In such states, the liability of detroitnews.com, its subsidiary and parent companies or affiliates is limited to the fullest extent permitted by such state law.) You specifically acknowledge and agree that detroitnews.com is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any detroitnews.com materials, products or services, or with any of detroitnews.com’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Service.
detroitnews.com may cancel or terminate your right to use the Service or any part of the Service at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Service affected by such cancellation or termination. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the Service, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms of Service, shall survive.

This Privacy Policy applies to the

"CNET News"

Alexa Skill created by 
SpokenLayer.

on behalf of

CNET.

.


Questions can be emailed to our technical support address at 
support@spokenlayer.com.
.


Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as you must agree to this document in order to have permission to use our Service.


Throughout this document, we may use certain words or phrases, and it is important that you understand the meaning of them.  The following is a non-exhaustive list of definitions of words and phrases found in this document:


"Service" refers to the services that we provide through our Platform or Site, including the information, apps, skills, actions, podcasts and commentary that we publish, create, and power, and our Site itself;


"Platform" refers to the suite of services SpokenLayer provides to content creators, brands, and advertisers;


"Site" refers to our website, https://spokenlayer.com/;


"User" refers to anyone who uses our Service, including through the third parties on which we distribute content, and general visitors to our Site;


"SpokenLayer" refers to our company, known as "AUDIOis, Inc."; our Site; our Service; our Platform; or a combination of all or some of the preceding definitions, depending on the context in which the word is used;


"You" refers to you, the person who is governed by this Privacy Policy.

WHAT WE COLLECT.

SpokenLayer and our service providers collect Personal Data to offer services you have requested or that we have a legitimate interest to believe are of interest to our customers, to manage the relationships we have with our customers and partners, and to perform activities based on your consent. SpokenLayer and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you:


3.1 Personal Data


"Personal Data" for purposes of this Privacy Policy is the information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.


3.1.1 Personal Data You Submit


We collect Personal Data when you submit it to us, such as when you register for or sign on to the SpokenLayer Platform or Services; create a profile; participate in a sweepstakes, contest or game; take a survey; visit our SpokenLayer Services. The Personal Data you submit may include your name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), credit or debit card number, telephone number, mobile number, email address, gender, username, or profile picture.


3.1.2 Personal Data We Receive From Third Parties


To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive Personal Data about you from third parties, such as social media services, commercially available sources, content partners, business partners, and, if applicable to you, the third party provider of your access to SpokenLayer Services. The Personal Data we receive from third parties may include your user ID with the third party service, location, IP address.


3.2 Other Information


"Other Information" is any information that is not intended to reveal your specific identity to us, such as browser information, usage data, information collected through cookies and other technologies, demographic information, geolocation data obtained with your consent where required by applicable law, and aggregated information.



3.2.1 Other Information You Submit


We collect Other Information when you submit it to us. This may include your password, birthday, education, occupation, financial information (such as your income, investments, portfolio transactions and value, and other information), and interests.


3.2.2 Other Information We Receive From Third Parties


We may receive Other Information about you from third parties, including, for example, demographic data, social media account number, information about your interests, and information about your activities on other websites.


3.2.3 Other Information Collected Automatically


Our services use cookies and other tracking technologies to function effectively and deliver certain features. For more information about how we use cookies and tracking technologies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.


The SpokenLayer Services may also be linked to sites or apps operated by third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content, special offers, functionality, games or applications developed and maintained by third parties, using iframes, tools, or plug-ins ("Linked Services"). These third party Linked Services may use automated means to collect information about you and your use of these features.


SpokenLayer is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties, and once you leave the SpokenLayer Services or click an advertisement, or sign up for a special offer, you should check the applicable third party privacy policy.


3.2.4 Children Under the Age of 13


SpokenLayer does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.



We may use the Personal Data we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below. We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except if it is considered Personal Data under applicable law. If we combine Other Information with your Personal Data, we treat the combined information as Personal Data.


To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content, products and offers tailored to you, we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other SpokenLayer products, services and websites. In addition, we may supplement the Personal Data and Other Information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources, and information from SpokenLayer or business partners.


Through third party analytics providers, ad networks, and advertisers, we can track your online activities over time and across third party websites, apps and devices, by obtaining information through automated means.


This information, along with information we gather when you log in, can be used to understand use across sites and devices to help improve our products, remember your preferences, provide content recommendations, and show you advertisements on the SpokenLayer Services or other third party websites and apps that may be tailored to your individual interests. For more information, including how to manage cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.


4.1 To Provide, Measure And Improve Our Products And Services


We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products, services and features to you, including: to measure and improve services and features and to allow you to engage with content.


4.2 To Deliver Relevant Content And Recommendations


To make your experience more interesting and personalized, we may use any of the Personal Data and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our SpokenLayer Services.


4.3 To Deliver Advertising And Interest-Based Advertising


The SpokenLayer Platform and Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you (in certain cases, such as with respect to financial information, only with your express permission) to assist us in delivering ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests to you when you use the SpokenLayer Platform or Services or another service provided by SpokenLayer, SpokenLayer Partners, or unaffiliated third parties. (See What We Collect, above, for details on the types of information we may use.) We may work with third party online advertising companies, advertisers and ad networks who help deliver these ads to you. These third parties may collect and use information about your activities on our SpokenLayer Platform and Services and on other websites, and Other Information about you, to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests.


To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before using your information for interest-based advertising. To learn how to opt out of online interest-based advertising, please follow the instructions in the Your Rights and Choices section below.


If you provide your mobile phone number to us, we may ask for your consent to receive text message alerts from us containing product, event, or promotional information in a text or SMS message ("Text Messages"). Your consent to receive Text Messages is not required to purchase goods or services from us.


Users may in some cases be able to review and edit the personal information they have provided to us by logging into your account on the Site and editing their account.  Although most changes may occur immediately, information may still be stored in a web browser's cache.  We take no responsibility for stored information in your cache, or in other devices that may store information, and disclaim all liability of such.  In addition, we may, from time to time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or database.


We use cookies to remember your preferences.  For this reason, it is necessary that you enable cookies in your browser, and you hereby acknowledge that we have informed you of our use of cookies and that you consent to our use of cookies in relation to your computer system.


SpokenLayer may post links to third party websites on its Site.  These third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by SpokenLayer, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.


Please be aware that this Privacy Policy, and any other policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to members of the Service or Site. SpokenLayer bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website.  Please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each site you visit through third party links.

 
We may collect information from you when you upload or complete a form, enter your mailing address, install our software, or make a purchase. If you use our service to monitor a device, then we collect your email address, the device battery level and power charging status. We do not store or save documents you upload or complete, and we do not store the contents of documents you upload or complete. You may log into our Application through Facebook, Twitter, Steam or other social networking sites. If you log into the Application through other social networking sites, we will request permission to access your basic information, which includes your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user ID, list of friends, and any other information that you have made public on such social networking sites. For information about how such third party social networking sites may disclose your information, please consult the privacy policy of the third party social networking site. We have no control over how a third party social networking site uses or discloses the personal information you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from third party social networking sites along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you.
 
We may use cookies, web beacons, and other automated devices to collect information about you when you use our Services, including: your browser type; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; length of time you are on the site, websites visited before our Sites; mobile device ID; location and language information; device name and model; operating system type, name, and version; your interactions with the site. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information that we collect about you.
 
 
We use the information that we gather about you for the following purposes: 
 o	To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services and for other customer service purposes.
 o	To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Sites, the Application or our Services.
 o	For research purposes.
 o	For marketing and advertising purposes. For example, we may use your information to display targeted advertisements to you on the Sites or the Application. We also may use your email address to email you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites. 
 o	To better understand how users access and use our Sites and the Application, both on an aggregated and individualized basis.
 

    Modiot Labs LLC may collect contact information from you, including your
    email address.  We may collect sensitive information about you. 
    "Sensitive information" consists of your full name, date of birth,
    physical address, phone number, and bank account or credit card
    information.
  

    Modiot Labs LLC requires this information to conduct normal business
    with end users (maintain accounts, etc.) and to better understand your
    needs and provide you with a better service.
  

    A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your
    computer's hard drive.  Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie
    helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular
    site.  Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an
    individual.  The web application can tailor its operations to your
    needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about
    your preferences.
  

    We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.  This
    helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in
    order to tailor it to customer needs.
  

    Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling
    us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.  A
    cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information
    about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
  

    You can choose to accept or decline cookies.  Most web browsers
    automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
    setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  This may prevent you from
    taking full advantage of the website.
  

    Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.  However,
    once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that
    we do not have any control over that other website.  Therefore, we
    cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information
    that you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not
    governed by this privacy statement.
  

    You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable
    to the website in question.
  
This Privacy Statement provides information on how SpotBus collects, uses, and protects personal information. SpotBus supports the most critical processes of managing student, class, and school data, and we are committed to the highest standards of protection for personal data at all times. When we refer to “us,” “we,” “our,” or “SpotBus” in this Privacy Statement, we are referring to SpotBus and its affiliates. Privacy is a fundamental right for all individuals. Our clients entrust us with the personal information of both employees and parents, and students. On this basis, we take the responsibility attached to this information very seriously. We are EU -U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certified and a signatory of the Student Privacy Pledge.
The nature of the personal information we collect and how we use it depends on the context in which we collect that personal information. Please see the section below that applies to you.
You may visit any SpotBus website without having to log in or provide any personal information. If you are on a SpotBus website to access a service or product, you may need to log in to make use of the functionality of the particular product.
. You may voluntarily provide us information when you complete a form or survey on our website or subscribe to our blog or newsletters. This may include some or all of the following categories of information: Name and Role; Job title; Signature; Profession; Social media account name; User name; Telephone Number; Street Address; and Email address.

You may also provide information when you register for an account through a SpotBus website to log in to use a product or service.
You may also submit a resume or other information through our 
Careers.
.
If you submit an application or resume, SpotBus will collect and retain the submission, including your personal information and use this information to evaluate you for an employment position at SpotBus as detailed per the 
Candidate Privacy Notice.
.  All information is submitted through our third party provider, HireBridge, and is subject to their 
privacy policy.
.
Our sites offer publicly accessible community forums.  You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas is public and may be read, collected, and used by others who access them and may remain on the public forum indefinitely.  To request removal of your personal information from our community forums, contact 
[email protected]
.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.  We encourage all users to exercise caution when providing personal information in community forums.  If you provide information when you communicate through our SpotBus community forums, we may link this information with your personal information.
. We collect information about the pages you visit and how you access and use the SpotBus websites using cookies, tracking technologies and other third party analytics tools. Specifically, We and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags on our websites. This information includes information about the devices you use to access the SpotBus website including unique device identifiers, IP address, operating system, browser, and cookies. Depending on your device settings, we may also collect information about your geographical location and what websites you may travel from to our website. We use this information to better understand our customers and users, so that we may provide more effective advertising and products. You can learn about our use of cookies, and set your preferences, in our 

We use the information collected to provide and improve our website services and our products and to analyze usage information for sales and marketing purposes. We also use the information collected to communicate with you in any manner that you have requested. This analysis is necessary to further our legitimate interest in understanding our users and their interactions with us and our websites to best iterate and improve on our websites and communications, including marketing purposes, and to provide you with content that you have requested.Third party information that we collect from social media may be used to provide you with requested information or our newsletter or contact you regarding our services, opportunities, products, and/or events.
Directly from you. 
We collect information necessary to provide the educational technology services as directed by you. The information collected from you depends on the specific product and what is needed to integrate with your systems and to set up and maintain accounts. This includes information in the following data categories:

Account information: The exact elements will depend on the product and what specific information you as a customer provide us, but often we receive from you include pupil records of students and parents of students enrolled in your school or district, such as directory information, email addresses, student IDs, account credentials, courses students are enrolled in, health information kept in student records.
We also collect employee account information including user names, email addresses and titles to initially set up products and services for you.
Depending on your needs as a customer, we may also collect financial information of students and parents of students as you make available to us in order to provide services.
Indirectly from you. 
We collect device and usage information when you access and use our products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service and cookie data. Specifically, we and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
.
From third parties.
. We may receive information from affiliates in our SpotBus Group of companies and other third parties. For example, we may receive limited personal information from third-party services that integrate with or complement the SpotBus products or services in order to provide you with the best possible user experience.
How We Use This Information.

We use your information to provide you the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services, as well as to communicate directly with you and allow you to communicate with other SpotBus users. It is necessary for us to use your information in this manner in order to provide you with the services your school district has requested pursuant to its agreement with SpotBus.We will use your information to provide you with news and information about new products and services. Any such marketing communications from us may be discontinued at any time. See Marketing. We may also use de-identified and aggregated information to understand and improve our products and services. We may share general customer contact information with certain Partners as is necessary to offer and provide our products and services to our current and prospective clients. No customer data other than general institution contact information is provided for these purposes. For absolute clarity, we do not provide any student data or personally identifiable information to any Partners for marketing purposes.
How We Share This Information.

We share information to provide the SpotBus products and services to you and further improve them. Within SpotBus, your information will be accessed only by those who have a need to provide the SpotBus products and services. We use vendors to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to your school or school district. For example, if your school or school district has a hosted SpotBus product or service, Amazon Web Services and Azure provide our cloud hosting facilities. Third-party analytics tools may also have access to your personal information to help us understand how the SpotBus products and services are being used. Learn more about our use of cookies and analytic tools in our 
Cookie Statement.
.
Student Personal Information.

SpotBus is a data processor with respect to student personal information and the SpotBus customer (school or school district) is the data controller. Where a SpotBus customer enters into an agreement with SpotBus to provide products and services, that SpotBus customer acknowledges that SpotBus is a data processor with respect to personal information received from that SpotBus customer or from a student/parent in connection with the SpotBus products and services.
Student Personal Data Ownership.
 All student personal data remains the property of and is solely owned, and thereby controlled, by our SpotBus customers. You grant SpotBus a non-exclusive, royalty free license, to use equipment, software, your data or other material of yours solely for the purpose of providing, maintaining, and supporting you and other licensees with SpotBus products and services.SpotBus will only use student personal data for the purposes of providing the products and services that our customers (school or school districts) have contracted with us to provide and we will process student personal data according to instructions and the terms of our contract with our customers.Student personal data will not be used for targeted Advertising by SpotBus or any of its affiliates.
 Parents and Students.
The school or school district decides how your personal information is used.
SpotBus provides learning and registration products and services to end-users of a school or school district (our customers) as a “data processor.” The main responsibility of what is known as a “data controller” lies with the school or school district. This also means that the school or school district’s own privacy statement governs the use of student personal information. SpotBus’s customers determine what information we collect through the SpotBus products and services and how it is used, and we process that information according to our customer’s instructions and the terms of our contract with our customer.
This section of our Privacy Statement is provided for informational purposes and describes how parent and student personal information is used when SpotBus products and services are provided through a school or school district. How that information is used depends on the school or school district, so please consult your institution’s privacy statement.
Information provided to us by a school or school district.
. The SpotBus products and services integrate with our customer’s systems. The specific information that is collected from the school or school district depends upon the SpotBus product or service, but in general, this information includes but is not limited to:name, age, email address, student ID, account credentials, academic and student records, certain health information kept in student records, courses a student is enrolled in when we initially set up the products, and additional records as requested by the school or school district. Depending on the school or school district’s request, we may also collect financial information of students and parents of students as is made available to us in order to provide services. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Directly from a parent or student.
: Depending on the SpotBus products and services your school (or your child’s school) uses, we will collect the following data categories directly:name, age, email address, student ID, account credentials, academic and student records, certain health records, courses a student is enrolled in when we initially set up the products and services for your institution, and additional records as requested by the school or school district. Depending on the school or school district’s request, we may also collect financial information of students and parents of students in order to provide services. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Indirectly from a parent or student.
: We collect device and usage information when you access and use SpotBus products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service, and cookie data. Specifically, We and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
.
How We Use This Information.
On behalf of your school or school district.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of your child’s school or school district, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with your child’s school or school district to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. Your child’s school or school district determines how the personal information is used.
How We Share This Information.

We share student information in accordance with our agreement with your (or your child’s) school or school district. Generally, this includes the sharing of such information inside and outside SpotBus under certain terms. Student information will be accessed inside SpotBus only by those have a need to know to provide the SpotBus products and services and improve them. For example, our technical and client support teams may have access to personal information when the SpotBus products and services are implemented for your school or school district or when software or other changes are required for support and maintenance purposes. We use vendors to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to you (or to your child) on behalf of our school or school district customer.
 Users of our Products, not including Students or Parents.
SpotBus provides applicant and job candidate tracking services to end-users of schools, school districts, and higher education agencies (our customers) as a “data processor.” The main responsibility of what is known as a “data controller” lies with the customer. This also means that the customer’s own privacy statement governs the use of personal information collected through our products. SpotBus’s customers determine what information we collect through the SpotBus products and services and how it is used, and we process that information according to our customer’s instructions and the terms of our contract with our customer.
This section of our Privacy Statement is provided for informational purposes and describes how applicant personal information is used when SpotBus products and services are provided through a school or school district. How that information is used depends on the school or school district, so please consult your institution’s privacy statement.
Information provided to us by a school, district, or education agency.
 The SpotBus applicant tracking products and services integrate with our customer’s systems. The specific information that is collected from our customer depends upon the SpotBus product or service, but in general, this information includes but is not limited to: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Directly from a customer’s applicant.
: SpotBus will collect the following data categories directly from a customer’s applicant-user: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Indirectly from customer’s applicant.
: We collect device and usage information when you access and use SpotBus products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service, and cookie data. Specifically, We and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
How We Use This Information.
On behalf of the customer.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of the customer education agency, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with our customer to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. The school, district, or education agency determines how the personal information is used.
How We Share This Information.

We share student information in accordance with our agreement with a customer. Generally, this includes the sharing of such information inside and outside SpotBus under certain terms. Applicant information will be accessed inside SpotBus only by those have a need to know to provide the SpotBus products and services and improve them. For example, our technical and client support teams may have access to personal information when the SpotBus products and services are implemented for a customer or when software or other changes are required for support and maintenance purposes. We use vendors to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to you on behalf of our customers.
 Sharing with Vendors, Partners, and Other Disclosures.
Vendors. 
We engage directly with certain third-party companies to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to our customers or to you or to perform work on our behalf (“Vendors”). Our vendors are required to abide by our privacy and security instructions and are contractually restricted from using any personal information they access or receive from us for any purposes other than as needed to perform such services. We may use vendors to help us conduct marketing campaigns or events and disclose customer contact information necessary for those activities.
Partners. 
Your institution may work with third-party companies to provide additional content and functionality which requires access to SpotBus products and services (“Partners”) Only with your institution’s permission, will we share information about you, such as your name, email, or student ID, that is required to provide you with access to the products and services that have been requested by your institution. In these cases, these Partners will enter into an agreement directly with your institution regarding the processing of any data at the direction of your institution.
Other Types of Disclosures. 
We may also share your information where required under the following circumstances:

Where permitted by applicable law and by contracts with our customers, we may disclose your information in the course of a corporate transaction such as a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or a financing, or pursuant to a bankruptcy, dissolution proceeding or reorganization.
We may need to disclose your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal processes. Where such disclosures relate to personal data we hold as a data processor on behalf of our customers, we will refer such requests to our customers where permissible.
We may need to disclose your information to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of SpotBus, our customers, or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or other misuse of our systems.
We may utilize aggregated or de-identified (anonymized) information that is no longer associated with a person to enhance and promote the SpotBus products and services. 
SpotBus does not rent, sell, or otherwise provide access to student personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
Marketing.
 We conduct marketing to promote the SpotBus products and services, but do not use or disclose information (whether personal information or otherwise) about students that we collect through the provision of SpotBus products and services for targeting of advertisements to students.When we conduct (or sponsor) events, conferences, and webinars, we will collect information about attendees, such as the session they attend and their contact information to provide them information about SpotBus products and services and other SpotBus information.

Marketing Preferences and Opt-Out. 
Our marketing emails will always include an “unsubscribe” link so that you can change your preferences and opt-out of receiving marketing emails or communications from SpotBus. You can also send us email at 
[email protected]
 to unsubscribe.Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we may still need to contact you with important information about your SpotBus account.
Interest-based Advertising. 
We use third party advertising tools to collect information about your visits to the SpotBus websites to provide targeted advertisements to you based on your browsing history on other websites or on other devices you may use. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.To learn more or opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:

Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based “AppChoices” download page (
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices.
).
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliiance (EDAA)’s consumer opt-out page (
http://youronlinechoices.eu.
).
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
Google Analytics and Advertising. 
We also use Google Analytics and other third-party cookies to collect certain information about your visits to our SpotBus websites.  You can opt-out of third-party cookies from Google Analytics using the 
Google Analytics opt-out browser setting add-on.
 or other ad management tools.You can learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
 and you can learn about managing your preferences.
“Do Not Track” Signals. 
Without a common industry or legal standard for interpreting so-called “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals, SpotBus does not respond to browser DNT signals.  We will continue to monitor further development of a DNT standard by the privacy community and industry.
III. Data Retention.
 Website Users.
We keep website usage information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above. Account information is retained until you delete the account and for a limited period thereafter. Where you have provided information in forms, we retain the information as long as it is required, depending on the nature of the request. If you unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from us, we will keep a record of this to ensure that you do not receive such communications in the future.
 Customers (Schools and School Districts).
We keep information collected on behalf of our customers for as long as necessary and pursuant to contractual terms. We dispose of information that is not held pursuant to contractual terms in a commercially reasonable time period or at the request of a customer.
 Children’s Privacy.
We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 16 unless and until the SpotBus customer (school or school district) has provided authorization for a student under 16 to use the SpotBus products and services and for us to collect personal information from such student.
Please contact us at 
[email protected]
 if you believe that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under 16 without proper consent.  This will allow us to delete such information as soon as possible.
 Security.
SpotBus employs a variety of physical, administrative, and technological safeguards that are designed to protect personal information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. We strive to continuously enhance our technical and operational security measures. Our measures consider the type and sensitivity of the data being collected, used, and stored, and the current state of technology and threats to information. SpotBus’s security measures include data encryption, firewalls, data use and access limitations for personnel and vendors, and physical access controls to our facilities. SpotBus independently verifies its security management system to the internationally recognized standard for security management and holds ISO 27001 certification. SpotBus also aligns its privacy and security operations to best practices and relevant international regulations.
 International Data Transfers: EU-U.S., Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield.
SpotBus is headquartered in the United States, and data is transferred to the United States for processing for the purposes of providing SpotBus products and services to customers outside the United States. This subsection is only applicable to customers that have contracted with SpotBus and reside in the European Union or Switzerland.
SpotBus participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. SpotBus is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).
SpotBus is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. SpotBus complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, SpotBus is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, SpotBus may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint).
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
We encourage you to contact us at 
[email protected]
 should you have a Privacy Shield-related question, concern, and/or complaint. SpotBus takes all concerns about privacy and use of personal information seriously and shall endeavor to reply to you within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
VII. Access (INCLUDING IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UNITED KINGDOM, OR SWITZERLAND) 
THIS SECTION APPLIES TO USERS OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT ARE LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND AT THE TIME OF DATA COLLECTION. WE MAY ASK YOU TO IDENTIFY WHICH COUNTRY YOU ARE LOCATED IN WHEN YOU USE SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR WE MAY RELY ON YOUR IP ADDRESS TO IDENTIFY YOUR COUNTRY LOCATION.
 SpotBus’s relationship to you.
Data Controller for Website Users – 
A “data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as our service providers are “data processors” that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions. With respect to the personal data of our customers or received through our SpotBus websites, SpotBus is a controller in relation to the information that you enter directly into the website about yourself or when you register for an account through your school or school district.
Data Processor for Schools and School Districts.
 – To the extent that SpotBus receives personal information through its customers’ (school or school district) use of SpotBus products or services, SpotBus is a processor and the SpotBus customer is the data controller.
 Individual data subject rights.  
In many of the SpotBus products and services, you will be able to access student information as well as change and delete some of the information by logging into the parent/student account. If you cannot access, correct, or delete the required information on your own, please follow these steps:
For parents/students: SpotBus does not control your personal information. We provide our products and services on behalf of your school or school district. Please contact your institution to exercise your rights of access, rectification, erasure, or restriction of use of personal information. The institution needs to manage your request under applicable laws and SpotBus will support our schools and school districts with such requests.
 For all access requests:
Please email SpotBus at 
[email protected]
 or contact us using the information in the “CONTACT US” section if you want to exercise any of these rights.
When we receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. Please be advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways: (i) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (ii) when granting access would have a negative impact on other’s privacy; (iii) to protect our rights and properties; and (iv) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
In many jurisdictions, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority.   A listing of EEA data protection authorities can be found at 
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
.   But, please contact us at SpotBus first, so we can address your concerns.
For information regarding how to contact our EU Representative, please contact us at 
[email protected]
VIII. United States Federal and State Education Privacy Laws.
SpotBus, in its role as a vendor to educational agencies and institutions, both public and private entities (“Educational Agencies”), receives disclosures from the Educational Agencies, which include the personal information and other data (“Student Data”) contained in student records as well as directly from students and parents of students. Only information that is needed for SpotBus to perform services, which are outsourced to SpotBus by the Educational Agencies, is disclosed to SpotBus. These disclosures are authorized by the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). SpotBus considers Student Data to be strictly confidential and do not use Student Data for any purpose other than improving and providing our products and services to the Educational Agencies or on the Educational Agencies’ behalf. Our collection, use, and sharing of Student Data is governed by our contracts with the Educational Agencies, the provisions of FERPA, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), and other applicable state and federal laws and regulations that relate to the collection and use of personal information of students. 
If you have questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting personal information of a student, please contact the relevant Educational Agency(ies) directly.
 Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows you to request information on how we disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at 
[email protected]
 or writing to us (see address below in “CONTACT US”).
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
 Links to Other Sites.
Our SpotBus websites may provide links to third party websites or resources. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement or any other policies or terms applicable to the SpotBus websites or the SpotBus products or services. We recommend that you review any terms of use and privacy policy of any linked third-party website before providing any information.
 Changes to This Privacy Statement.
We may update this Privacy Statement and its last updated date to reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XII. For U.S. Educational Agency Customers.
Pursuant to state law, the following state specific language is hereby incorporated into this Privacy Statement, provided that SpotBus is providing and/or offering you SpotBus products or services in one of the following states (capitalized terms below which are not otherwise defined in this Privacy Statement are as defined either in the applicable state law or in your SpotBus agreement):
California.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use PII from a Pupil’s Records to engage in targeted advertising.
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Colorado.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. Only the SpotBus employees that have a legitimate interest in accessing your data, will be granted authorization by SpotBus.
Connecticut.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use any student’s PII to engage in targeted advertising. SpotBus also avers to utilize industry standard security, or better, to ensure the protection of said student PII. Connecticut law shall govern this agreement between you and SpotBus. All terms herein are defined in accordance with Public Act No. 16-189, and in case of any ambiguity or conflict between the terms herein and Public Act No. 16-189, then Public Act No. 16-189 will govern.
Florida.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to requirements as mandated in the Florida Information Protection Act of 2014.
Maryland.
 – SpotBus will not use Covered Information to engage in targeted advertising.
New York.
 – In accordance with New York Education Law § 2-d, SpotBus will comply with and attach to your contract the Parents’ Bill of Rights for Data Privacy and Security, as applicable.
Pennsylvania.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to the requirements of Pennsylvania’s Breach of Personal Information Notification Act.
Washington.
 – SpotBus will provide notice before making material changes to this Privacy Statement.
XIII. Canada.
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) is a Canadian federal law that applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in the course of commercial activities in all Canadian provinces as supplemented by substantially similar provincial privacy laws in Alberta, British Columbia and Québec. PIPEDA also applies to international and interprovincial transfers of personal information. This policy is designed to comply with PIPEDA.
Disclosure and/or sharing of Personal Information.
SpotBus, Inc.
 reserves full ownership over the information collected on this domain 
www.SpotBus.us.
 and its subsidiaries. The said information is collected from reputed sources (Section 1.2) and from different points in the said domain and its sub-domains. We will not sell, share, and/or rent the said data to third-party vendor(s) in other ways than disclosed as below:
In reasonable need to offer similar services.
When you have provided us consent for the purpose.
When we are legally obliged to do so.
Usage of Personal Data.
We lawfully process subject data in abiding to fulfill our “legitimate interests”. The following includes a non-exhaustive list of “legitimate interests” under which we operate:
Betterment of our Services by providing easily accessible and usable technology(ies) that enable our clients to execute their business objectives with more certainty.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
Where processing in necessary to comply with our legal obligations, and on demand from regulatory authorities.
The data and content provided or made available to us by users across our Services is used in the collection, compilation and collation of data of respective subjects. Subject data is also used in conducting research and development programs to improve user experiences across our digital spectrum, and for the overall improvement of our Services.
We notify subjects about the usage of their data in writing, through emails or other media as available (SMS, push notifications etc.) and agreed by both parties. Our communications may also include:
Service Messages:
to acknowledge ongoing and concluded transactions and interactions. Examples include: welcome messages, meeting schedules etc. There are no opt-out options for service messages.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
Marketing Communications:
on our own behalf or on behalf of known third parties. Such communications maybe sent when subjects have shown interest in receiving so – even when they do not have an account with us. Each of our marketing communications has an opt-out option at the footer of the messaging, in case subjects desire to stop receiving future mails in the same regard.
we do not use personal data to engage in automated decision-making about subjects.
Sharing of Personal Data.
We share subject data with:
Our Affiliates (legal entities controlled by us, controlling us, or share a common authority of control with us) within reasonable limits, with the sole purpose of providing our Services.
Selected Third Parties, including our business partners, vendors/suppliers, and sub-contractors, for the performance of the contract we are in with them.
Analytics and Search Engine Providers who assist us in improving our digital presence from time to time.
Under special circumstances, we may disclose your data to other third parties too. Such circumstances may include and not be limited to:
Selling or buying of business assets.
Business acquisition by third party (data may become a transferred asset).
We ensure maximum contractual and operational safeguards in the instance of third-party processing of subject data.
Subject Rights for Data Security, Accuracy & Retention.
Under applicable data privacy regulations, subjects may:
Request for access to the data we have about them.
Request for the same to be updated, rectified, deleted, or blocked.
Request to abstain from using the said data.
Revoke their consent on processing their data (for consent-based processing).
Request for a machine-readable copy of the data we have of them.
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please email us at 
[email protected]
 or write to us at the following address:
SpotBus Inc.
114 Turnpike RD STE 106
Westborough MA 01581, USA.
Please note:
 We cannot always delete records of all historical data, and this is in compliance to legal audits and financial reporting purposes.
Opt-out Policy:
Upon your request, SpotBus, Inc will:
Allow any subscriber to “opt out” of further promotional contacts/li>
Use reasonable efforts to allow subscriber to update/correct personal information previously submitted which he/she states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests.
Initiate reasonable efforts to functionally delete the subscriber and his/her personal information from its database. Visitors should be aware that it might be impossible to completely delete erroneous information or a visitor’s personal information without some residual information remaining in its database because of backups and records of deletions.
In case of breaches or any other data-related concerns (subject to this privacy statement), subjects may lodge complaints with their regional data privacy regulator. For UK citizens, it is the Information Commissioner’s Office. Concerns can be directly reported at 
http://www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
.
We retain subject data for as long as it is reasonably necessary, for providing our Services. Such data is anonymized in a reasonably practical time-frame after the subject stops using our Services.
Sufficient safeguards are taken while transferring subject data to other countries. We are obliged to provide a copy of said safeguards and related privacy rights on request by the subjects in concern.
Data Security & Confidentiality.
At SpotBus, Inc we give utmost importance to safeguard your privacy, at every step of processing or storing your personal information. We take every step to protect the confidentiality and security of the said data. We apply a state-of-the-art server with the latest encryption. To provide you better services, without causing any disruption to your experience with us, we may share your personal information only with partners whose products/services are relevant to you.
3.1.
 SpotBus, Inc ensures that all customer data remains the property of the respective customers. We also do not use, rent, sell, transfer, or otherwise expose the contents of the tracking information resulting from click-through, messages opened, messages read, or eCommerce conversions. SpotBus, Inc provides an SSL encrypted, password-protected mechanism for viewing and extracting customer data.
3.2.
 We maintain all customer data in a carrier-class secure facility protected by firewalls and other security devices. These measures are designed to protect visitor and client information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration.
3.3.
 We use a third party for credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided expect for the sole purpose of credit card processing. We restrict access to this information to only those employees who require the information for business purposes.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy or this Privacy Statement, please contact us at 
[email protected]
You may also write to us at:
SpotBus Inc.
114 Turnpike RD STE 106
Westborough MA 01581, USA.

ATTN:  Privacy.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at 
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
.
 post end 
 
 content end 
Home.
About us.
Solutions.
Features.
Blogs.
Careers.
Contact us.
Book a Demo.
SpotBus Inc.

114 Turnpike RD STE 106

Westborough MA 01581, USA.
One Tara Boulevard.

Suite 200 Nashua, NH 03062
Quick Links.
 
About us.
Features.
Solutions.
Privacy Policy.
Subscribe.
Don’t miss SpotBus latest news and events. Subscribe to our newsletter channel and be informed.
© 2020-2021 SpotBus.
All Rights Reserved.
 wrap end 
 general wrap end 
 
 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 
 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

( 'fetch' in window ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-fetch.min.js?ver=3.0.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( document.contains ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-node-contains.min.js?ver=3.42.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.DOMRect ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-dom-rect.min.js?ver=3.42.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.URL && window.URL.prototype && window.URLSearchParams ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-url.min.js?ver=3.6.4"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.FormData && window.FormData.prototype.keys ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-formdata.min.js?ver=3.0.12"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( Element.prototype.matches && Element.prototype.closest ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-element-closest.min.js?ver=2.0.2"></scr' + 'ipt>' );


/* <![CDATA[ */
var wpcf7 = {"api":{"root":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/wp-json\/","namespace":"contact-form-7\/v1"}};
/* ]]> */


/* <![CDATA[ */
var controller_opt = {"customScroll":"false","customScrollCursorcolor":"#222222","customScrollRailcolor":"#666666","customScrollCursorOpacityMin":"100","customScrollCursorOpacityMax":"100","customScrollCursorWidth":"10","customScrollCursorBorderRadius":"5","customScrollScrollSpeed":"60","customScrollMouseScrollStep":"40","postMax":"0","postStartPage":"1","postNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","postNoText":"No more posts","stickyHeaderHeight":"96","projectMax":"0","projectNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","projectNoText":"No more projects","projectLoadingText":"Loading projects","productMax":"0","productNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","productNoText":"No more products","productLoadingText":"Loading products","productButtonClass":"product-single-button","ajaxurl":"\/wp-admin\/admin-ajax.php"};
/* ]]> */

We collect information necessary to provide the educational technology services as directed by you. The information collected from you depends on the specific product and what is needed to integrate with your systems and to set up and maintain accounts. This includes information in the following data categories:

Account information: The exact elements will depend on the product and what specific information you as a customer provide us, but often we receive from you include pupil records of students and parents of students enrolled in your school or district, such as directory information, email addresses, student IDs, account credentials, courses students are enrolled in, health information kept in student records.
We also collect employee account information including user names, email addresses and titles to initially set up products and services for you.
Depending on your needs as a customer, we may also collect financial information of students and parents of students as you make available to us in order to provide services.
We collect device and usage information when you access and use our products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service and cookie data. Specifically, we and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 

We use your information to provide you the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services, as well as to communicate directly with you and allow you to communicate with other SpotBus users. It is necessary for us to use your information in this manner in order to provide you with the services your school district has requested pursuant to its agreement with SpotBus.We will use your information to provide you with news and information about new products and services. Any such marketing communications from us may be discontinued at any time. See Marketing. We may also use de-identified and aggregated information to understand and improve our products and services. We may share general customer contact information with certain Partners as is necessary to offer and provide our products and services to our current and prospective clients. No customer data other than general institution contact information is provided for these purposes. For absolute clarity, we do not provide any student data or personally identifiable information to any Partners for marketing purposes.

SpotBus is a data processor with respect to student personal information and the SpotBus customer (school or school district) is the data controller. Where a SpotBus customer enters into an agreement with SpotBus to provide products and services, that SpotBus customer acknowledges that SpotBus is a data processor with respect to personal information received from that SpotBus customer or from a student/parent in connection with the SpotBus products and services.
The school or school district decides how your personal information is used.
SpotBus provides learning and registration products and services to end-users of a school or school district (our customers) as a “data processor.” The main responsibility of what is known as a “data controller” lies with the school or school district. This also means that the school or school district’s own privacy statement governs the use of student personal information. SpotBus’s customers determine what information we collect through the SpotBus products and services and how it is used, and we process that information according to our customer’s instructions and the terms of our contract with our customer.
This section of our Privacy Statement is provided for informational purposes and describes how parent and student personal information is used when SpotBus products and services are provided through a school or school district. How that information is used depends on the school or school district, so please consult your institution’s privacy statement.
Information provided to us by a school or school district.
. The SpotBus products and services integrate with our customer’s systems. The specific information that is collected from the school or school district depends upon the SpotBus product or service, but in general, this information includes but is not limited to:name, age, email address, student ID, account credentials, academic and student records, certain health information kept in student records, courses a student is enrolled in when we initially set up the products, and additional records as requested by the school or school district. Depending on the school or school district’s request, we may also collect financial information of students and parents of students as is made available to us in order to provide services. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Directly from a parent or student.
: Depending on the SpotBus products and services your school (or your child’s school) uses, we will collect the following data categories directly:name, age, email address, student ID, account credentials, academic and student records, certain health records, courses a student is enrolled in when we initially set up the products and services for your institution, and additional records as requested by the school or school district. Depending on the school or school district’s request, we may also collect financial information of students and parents of students in order to provide services. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Indirectly from a parent or student.
: We collect device and usage information when you access and use SpotBus products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service, and cookie data. Specifically, We and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
.
How We Use This Information.
On behalf of your school or school district.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of your child’s school or school district, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with your child’s school or school district to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. Your child’s school or school district determines how the personal information is used.
How We Share This Information.

We share student information in accordance with our agreement with your (or your child’s) school or school district. Generally, this includes the sharing of such information inside and outside SpotBus under certain terms. Student information will be accessed inside SpotBus only by those have a need to know to provide the SpotBus products and services and improve them. For example, our technical and client support teams may have access to personal information when the SpotBus products and services are implemented for your school or school district or when software or other changes are required for support and maintenance purposes. We use vendors to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to you (or to your child) on behalf of our school or school district customer.
 Users of our Products, not including Students or Parents.
SpotBus provides applicant and job candidate tracking services to end-users of schools, school districts, and higher education agencies (our customers) as a “data processor.” The main responsibility of what is known as a “data controller” lies with the customer. This also means that the customer’s own privacy statement governs the use of personal information collected through our products. SpotBus’s customers determine what information we collect through the SpotBus products and services and how it is used, and we process that information according to our customer’s instructions and the terms of our contract with our customer.
This section of our Privacy Statement is provided for informational purposes and describes how applicant personal information is used when SpotBus products and services are provided through a school or school district. How that information is used depends on the school or school district, so please consult your institution’s privacy statement.
Information provided to us by a school, district, or education agency.
 The SpotBus applicant tracking products and services integrate with our customer’s systems. The specific information that is collected from our customer depends upon the SpotBus product or service, but in general, this information includes but is not limited to: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Directly from a customer’s applicant.
: SpotBus will collect the following data categories directly from a customer’s applicant-user: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Indirectly from customer’s applicant.
: We collect device and usage information when you access and use SpotBus products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service, and cookie data. Specifically, We and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
How We Use This Information.
On behalf of the customer.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of the customer education agency, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with our customer to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. The school, district, or education agency determines how the personal information is used.
How We Share This Information.

We share student information in accordance with our agreement with a customer. Generally, this includes the sharing of such information inside and outside SpotBus under certain terms. Applicant information will be accessed inside SpotBus only by those have a need to know to provide the SpotBus products and services and improve them. For example, our technical and client support teams may have access to personal information when the SpotBus products and services are implemented for a customer or when software or other changes are required for support and maintenance purposes. We use vendors to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to you on behalf of our customers.
 Sharing with Vendors, Partners, and Other Disclosures.
Vendors. 
We engage directly with certain third-party companies to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to our customers or to you or to perform work on our behalf (“Vendors”). Our vendors are required to abide by our privacy and security instructions and are contractually restricted from using any personal information they access or receive from us for any purposes other than as needed to perform such services. We may use vendors to help us conduct marketing campaigns or events and disclose customer contact information necessary for those activities.
Partners. 
Your institution may work with third-party companies to provide additional content and functionality which requires access to SpotBus products and services (“Partners”) Only with your institution’s permission, will we share information about you, such as your name, email, or student ID, that is required to provide you with access to the products and services that have been requested by your institution. In these cases, these Partners will enter into an agreement directly with your institution regarding the processing of any data at the direction of your institution.
Other Types of Disclosures. 
We may also share your information where required under the following circumstances:

Where permitted by applicable law and by contracts with our customers, we may disclose your information in the course of a corporate transaction such as a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or a financing, or pursuant to a bankruptcy, dissolution proceeding or reorganization.
We may need to disclose your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal processes. Where such disclosures relate to personal data we hold as a data processor on behalf of our customers, we will refer such requests to our customers where permissible.
We may need to disclose your information to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of SpotBus, our customers, or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or other misuse of our systems.
We may utilize aggregated or de-identified (anonymized) information that is no longer associated with a person to enhance and promote the SpotBus products and services. 
SpotBus does not rent, sell, or otherwise provide access to student personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
Marketing.
 We conduct marketing to promote the SpotBus products and services, but do not use or disclose information (whether personal information or otherwise) about students that we collect through the provision of SpotBus products and services for targeting of advertisements to students.When we conduct (or sponsor) events, conferences, and webinars, we will collect information about attendees, such as the session they attend and their contact information to provide them information about SpotBus products and services and other SpotBus information.

Marketing Preferences and Opt-Out. 
Our marketing emails will always include an “unsubscribe” link so that you can change your preferences and opt-out of receiving marketing emails or communications from SpotBus. You can also send us email at 
[email protected]
 to unsubscribe.Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we may still need to contact you with important information about your SpotBus account.
Interest-based Advertising. 
We use third party advertising tools to collect information about your visits to the SpotBus websites to provide targeted advertisements to you based on your browsing history on other websites or on other devices you may use. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.To learn more or opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:

Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based “AppChoices” download page (
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices.
).
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliiance (EDAA)’s consumer opt-out page (
http://youronlinechoices.eu.
).
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
Google Analytics and Advertising. 
We also use Google Analytics and other third-party cookies to collect certain information about your visits to our SpotBus websites.  You can opt-out of third-party cookies from Google Analytics using the 
Google Analytics opt-out browser setting add-on.
 or other ad management tools.You can learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
 and you can learn about managing your preferences.
“Do Not Track” Signals. 
Without a common industry or legal standard for interpreting so-called “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals, SpotBus does not respond to browser DNT signals.  We will continue to monitor further development of a DNT standard by the privacy community and industry.
III. Data Retention.
 Website Users.
We keep website usage information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above. Account information is retained until you delete the account and for a limited period thereafter. Where you have provided information in forms, we retain the information as long as it is required, depending on the nature of the request. If you unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from us, we will keep a record of this to ensure that you do not receive such communications in the future.
 Customers (Schools and School Districts).
We keep information collected on behalf of our customers for as long as necessary and pursuant to contractual terms. We dispose of information that is not held pursuant to contractual terms in a commercially reasonable time period or at the request of a customer.
 Children’s Privacy.
We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 16 unless and until the SpotBus customer (school or school district) has provided authorization for a student under 16 to use the SpotBus products and services and for us to collect personal information from such student.
Please contact us at 
[email protected]
 if you believe that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under 16 without proper consent.  This will allow us to delete such information as soon as possible.
 Security.
SpotBus employs a variety of physical, administrative, and technological safeguards that are designed to protect personal information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. We strive to continuously enhance our technical and operational security measures. Our measures consider the type and sensitivity of the data being collected, used, and stored, and the current state of technology and threats to information. SpotBus’s security measures include data encryption, firewalls, data use and access limitations for personnel and vendors, and physical access controls to our facilities. SpotBus independently verifies its security management system to the internationally recognized standard for security management and holds ISO 27001 certification. SpotBus also aligns its privacy and security operations to best practices and relevant international regulations.
 International Data Transfers: EU-U.S., Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield.
SpotBus is headquartered in the United States, and data is transferred to the United States for processing for the purposes of providing SpotBus products and services to customers outside the United States. This subsection is only applicable to customers that have contracted with SpotBus and reside in the European Union or Switzerland.
SpotBus participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. SpotBus is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).
SpotBus is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. SpotBus complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, SpotBus is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, SpotBus may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint).
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
We encourage you to contact us at 
[email protected]
 should you have a Privacy Shield-related question, concern, and/or complaint. SpotBus takes all concerns about privacy and use of personal information seriously and shall endeavor to reply to you within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
VII. Access (INCLUDING IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UNITED KINGDOM, OR SWITZERLAND) 
THIS SECTION APPLIES TO USERS OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT ARE LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND AT THE TIME OF DATA COLLECTION. WE MAY ASK YOU TO IDENTIFY WHICH COUNTRY YOU ARE LOCATED IN WHEN YOU USE SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR WE MAY RELY ON YOUR IP ADDRESS TO IDENTIFY YOUR COUNTRY LOCATION.
 SpotBus’s relationship to you.
Data Controller for Website Users – 
A “data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as our service providers are “data processors” that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions. With respect to the personal data of our customers or received through our SpotBus websites, SpotBus is a controller in relation to the information that you enter directly into the website about yourself or when you register for an account through your school or school district.
Data Processor for Schools and School Districts.
 – To the extent that SpotBus receives personal information through its customers’ (school or school district) use of SpotBus products or services, SpotBus is a processor and the SpotBus customer is the data controller.
 Individual data subject rights.  
In many of the SpotBus products and services, you will be able to access student information as well as change and delete some of the information by logging into the parent/student account. If you cannot access, correct, or delete the required information on your own, please follow these steps:
For parents/students: SpotBus does not control your personal information. We provide our products and services on behalf of your school or school district. Please contact your institution to exercise your rights of access, rectification, erasure, or restriction of use of personal information. The institution needs to manage your request under applicable laws and SpotBus will support our schools and school districts with such requests.
 For all access requests:
Please email SpotBus at 
[email protected]
 or contact us using the information in the “CONTACT US” section if you want to exercise any of these rights.
When we receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. Please be advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways: (i) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (ii) when granting access would have a negative impact on other’s privacy; (iii) to protect our rights and properties; and (iv) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
In many jurisdictions, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority.   A listing of EEA data protection authorities can be found at 
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
.   But, please contact us at SpotBus first, so we can address your concerns.
For information regarding how to contact our EU Representative, please contact us at 
[email protected]
VIII. United States Federal and State Education Privacy Laws.
SpotBus, in its role as a vendor to educational agencies and institutions, both public and private entities (“Educational Agencies”), receives disclosures from the Educational Agencies, which include the personal information and other data (“Student Data”) contained in student records as well as directly from students and parents of students. Only information that is needed for SpotBus to perform services, which are outsourced to SpotBus by the Educational Agencies, is disclosed to SpotBus. These disclosures are authorized by the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). SpotBus considers Student Data to be strictly confidential and do not use Student Data for any purpose other than improving and providing our products and services to the Educational Agencies or on the Educational Agencies’ behalf. Our collection, use, and sharing of Student Data is governed by our contracts with the Educational Agencies, the provisions of FERPA, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), and other applicable state and federal laws and regulations that relate to the collection and use of personal information of students. 
If you have questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting personal information of a student, please contact the relevant Educational Agency(ies) directly.
 Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows you to request information on how we disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at 
[email protected]
 or writing to us (see address below in “CONTACT US”).
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
 Links to Other Sites.
Our SpotBus websites may provide links to third party websites or resources. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement or any other policies or terms applicable to the SpotBus websites or the SpotBus products or services. We recommend that you review any terms of use and privacy policy of any linked third-party website before providing any information.
 Changes to This Privacy Statement.
We may update this Privacy Statement and its last updated date to reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XII. For U.S. Educational Agency Customers.
Pursuant to state law, the following state specific language is hereby incorporated into this Privacy Statement, provided that SpotBus is providing and/or offering you SpotBus products or services in one of the following states (capitalized terms below which are not otherwise defined in this Privacy Statement are as defined either in the applicable state law or in your SpotBus agreement):
California.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use PII from a Pupil’s Records to engage in targeted advertising.
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Colorado.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. Only the SpotBus employees that have a legitimate interest in accessing your data, will be granted authorization by SpotBus.
Connecticut.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use any student’s PII to engage in targeted advertising. SpotBus also avers to utilize industry standard security, or better, to ensure the protection of said student PII. Connecticut law shall govern this agreement between you and SpotBus. All terms herein are defined in accordance with Public Act No. 16-189, and in case of any ambiguity or conflict between the terms herein and Public Act No. 16-189, then Public Act No. 16-189 will govern.
Florida.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to requirements as mandated in the Florida Information Protection Act of 2014.
Maryland.
 – SpotBus will not use Covered Information to engage in targeted advertising.
New York.
 – In accordance with New York Education Law § 2-d, SpotBus will comply with and attach to your contract the Parents’ Bill of Rights for Data Privacy and Security, as applicable.
Pennsylvania.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to the requirements of Pennsylvania’s Breach of Personal Information Notification Act.
Washington.
 – SpotBus will provide notice before making material changes to this Privacy Statement.
XIII. Canada.
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) is a Canadian federal law that applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in the course of commercial activities in all Canadian provinces as supplemented by substantially similar provincial privacy laws in Alberta, British Columbia and Québec. PIPEDA also applies to international and interprovincial transfers of personal information. This policy is designed to comply with PIPEDA.
Disclosure and/or sharing of Personal Information.
SpotBus, Inc.
 reserves full ownership over the information collected on this domain 
www.SpotBus.us.
 and its subsidiaries. The said information is collected from reputed sources (Section 1.2) and from different points in the said domain and its sub-domains. We will not sell, share, and/or rent the said data to third-party vendor(s) in other ways than disclosed as below:
In reasonable need to offer similar services.
When you have provided us consent for the purpose.
When we are legally obliged to do so.
Usage of Personal Data.
We lawfully process subject data in abiding to fulfill our “legitimate interests”. The following includes a non-exhaustive list of “legitimate interests” under which we operate:
Betterment of our Services by providing easily accessible and usable technology(ies) that enable our clients to execute their business objectives with more certainty.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
Where processing in necessary to comply with our legal obligations, and on demand from regulatory authorities.
The data and content provided or made available to us by users across our Services is used in the collection, compilation and collation of data of respective subjects. Subject data is also used in conducting research and development programs to improve user experiences across our digital spectrum, and for the overall improvement of our Services.
We notify subjects about the usage of their data in writing, through emails or other media as available (SMS, push notifications etc.) and agreed by both parties. Our communications may also include:
Service Messages:
to acknowledge ongoing and concluded transactions and interactions. Examples include: welcome messages, meeting schedules etc. There are no opt-out options for service messages.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
Marketing Communications:
on our own behalf or on behalf of known third parties. Such communications maybe sent when subjects have shown interest in receiving so – even when they do not have an account with us. Each of our marketing communications has an opt-out option at the footer of the messaging, in case subjects desire to stop receiving future mails in the same regard.
we do not use personal data to engage in automated decision-making about subjects.
Sharing of Personal Data.
We share subject data with:
Our Affiliates (legal entities controlled by us, controlling us, or share a common authority of control with us) within reasonable limits, with the sole purpose of providing our Services.
Selected Third Parties, including our business partners, vendors/suppliers, and sub-contractors, for the performance of the contract we are in with them.
Analytics and Search Engine Providers who assist us in improving our digital presence from time to time.
Under special circumstances, we may disclose your data to other third parties too. Such circumstances may include and not be limited to:
Selling or buying of business assets.
Business acquisition by third party (data may become a transferred asset).
We ensure maximum contractual and operational safeguards in the instance of third-party processing of subject data.
Subject Rights for Data Security, Accuracy & Retention.
Under applicable data privacy regulations, subjects may:
Request for access to the data we have about them.
Request for the same to be updated, rectified, deleted, or blocked.
Request to abstain from using the said data.
Revoke their consent on processing their data (for consent-based processing).
Request for a machine-readable copy of the data we have of them.
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please email us at 
[email protected]
 or write to us at the following address:
SpotBus Inc.
114 Turnpike RD STE 106
Westborough MA 01581, USA.
Please note:
 We cannot always delete records of all historical data, and this is in compliance to legal audits and financial reporting purposes.
Opt-out Policy:
Upon your request, SpotBus, Inc will:
Allow any subscriber to “opt out” of further promotional contacts/li>
Use reasonable efforts to allow subscriber to update/correct personal information previously submitted which he/she states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests.
Initiate reasonable efforts to functionally delete the subscriber and his/her personal information from its database. Visitors should be aware that it might be impossible to completely delete erroneous information or a visitor’s personal information without some residual information remaining in its database because of backups and records of deletions.
In case of breaches or any other data-related concerns (subject to this privacy statement), subjects may lodge complaints with their regional data privacy regulator. For UK citizens, it is the Information Commissioner’s Office. Concerns can be directly reported at 
http://www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
.
We retain subject data for as long as it is reasonably necessary, for providing our Services. Such data is anonymized in a reasonably practical time-frame after the subject stops using our Services.
Sufficient safeguards are taken while transferring subject data to other countries. We are obliged to provide a copy of said safeguards and related privacy rights on request by the subjects in concern.
Data Security & Confidentiality.
At SpotBus, Inc we give utmost importance to safeguard your privacy, at every step of processing or storing your personal information. We take every step to protect the confidentiality and security of the said data. We apply a state-of-the-art server with the latest encryption. To provide you better services, without causing any disruption to your experience with us, we may share your personal information only with partners whose products/services are relevant to you.
3.1.
 SpotBus, Inc ensures that all customer data remains the property of the respective customers. We also do not use, rent, sell, transfer, or otherwise expose the contents of the tracking information resulting from click-through, messages opened, messages read, or eCommerce conversions. SpotBus, Inc provides an SSL encrypted, password-protected mechanism for viewing and extracting customer data.
3.2.
 We maintain all customer data in a carrier-class secure facility protected by firewalls and other security devices. These measures are designed to protect visitor and client information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration.
3.3.
 We use a third party for credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided expect for the sole purpose of credit card processing. We restrict access to this information to only those employees who require the information for business purposes.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy or this Privacy Statement, please contact us at 
[email protected]
You may also write to us at:
SpotBus Inc.
114 Turnpike RD STE 106
Westborough MA 01581, USA.

ATTN:  Privacy.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at 
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
.
 post end 
 
 content end 
Home.
About us.
Solutions.
Features.
Blogs.
Careers.
Contact us.
Book a Demo.
SpotBus Inc.

114 Turnpike RD STE 106

Westborough MA 01581, USA.
One Tara Boulevard.

Suite 200 Nashua, NH 03062
Quick Links.
 
About us.
Features.
Solutions.
Privacy Policy.
Subscribe.
Don’t miss SpotBus latest news and events. Subscribe to our newsletter channel and be informed.
© 2020-2021 SpotBus.
All Rights Reserved.
 wrap end 
 general wrap end 
 
 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 
 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

( 'fetch' in window ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-fetch.min.js?ver=3.0.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( document.contains ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-node-contains.min.js?ver=3.42.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.DOMRect ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-dom-rect.min.js?ver=3.42.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.URL && window.URL.prototype && window.URLSearchParams ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-url.min.js?ver=3.6.4"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.FormData && window.FormData.prototype.keys ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-formdata.min.js?ver=3.0.12"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( Element.prototype.matches && Element.prototype.closest ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-element-closest.min.js?ver=2.0.2"></scr' + 'ipt>' );


/* <![CDATA[ */
var wpcf7 = {"api":{"root":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/wp-json\/","namespace":"contact-form-7\/v1"}};
/* ]]> */


/* <![CDATA[ */
var controller_opt = {"customScroll":"false","customScrollCursorcolor":"#222222","customScrollRailcolor":"#666666","customScrollCursorOpacityMin":"100","customScrollCursorOpacityMax":"100","customScrollCursorWidth":"10","customScrollCursorBorderRadius":"5","customScrollScrollSpeed":"60","customScrollMouseScrollStep":"40","postMax":"0","postStartPage":"1","postNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","postNoText":"No more posts","stickyHeaderHeight":"96","projectMax":"0","projectNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","projectNoText":"No more projects","projectLoadingText":"Loading projects","productMax":"0","productNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","productNoText":"No more products","productLoadingText":"Loading products","productButtonClass":"product-single-button","ajaxurl":"\/wp-admin\/admin-ajax.php"};
/* ]]> */

. The SpotBus products and services integrate with our customer’s systems. The specific information that is collected from the school or school district depends upon the SpotBus product or service, but in general, this information includes but is not limited to:name, age, email address, student ID, account credentials, academic and student records, certain health information kept in student records, courses a student is enrolled in when we initially set up the products, and additional records as requested by the school or school district. Depending on the school or school district’s request, we may also collect financial information of students and parents of students as is made available to us in order to provide services. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
On behalf of your school or school district.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of your child’s school or school district, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with your child’s school or school district to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. Your child’s school or school district determines how the personal information is used.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of your child’s school or school district, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with your child’s school or school district to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. Your child’s school or school district determines how the personal information is used.
Information provided to us by a school, district, or education agency.
 The SpotBus applicant tracking products and services integrate with our customer’s systems. The specific information that is collected from our customer depends upon the SpotBus product or service, but in general, this information includes but is not limited to: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Directly from a customer’s applicant.
: SpotBus will collect the following data categories directly from a customer’s applicant-user: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
Indirectly from customer’s applicant.
: We collect device and usage information when you access and use SpotBus products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service, and cookie data. Specifically, We and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
How We Use This Information.
On behalf of the customer.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of the customer education agency, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with our customer to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. The school, district, or education agency determines how the personal information is used.
How We Share This Information.

We share student information in accordance with our agreement with a customer. Generally, this includes the sharing of such information inside and outside SpotBus under certain terms. Applicant information will be accessed inside SpotBus only by those have a need to know to provide the SpotBus products and services and improve them. For example, our technical and client support teams may have access to personal information when the SpotBus products and services are implemented for a customer or when software or other changes are required for support and maintenance purposes. We use vendors to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to you on behalf of our customers.
 Sharing with Vendors, Partners, and Other Disclosures.
Vendors. 
We engage directly with certain third-party companies to help us provide the SpotBus products and services to our customers or to you or to perform work on our behalf (“Vendors”). Our vendors are required to abide by our privacy and security instructions and are contractually restricted from using any personal information they access or receive from us for any purposes other than as needed to perform such services. We may use vendors to help us conduct marketing campaigns or events and disclose customer contact information necessary for those activities.
Partners. 
Your institution may work with third-party companies to provide additional content and functionality which requires access to SpotBus products and services (“Partners”) Only with your institution’s permission, will we share information about you, such as your name, email, or student ID, that is required to provide you with access to the products and services that have been requested by your institution. In these cases, these Partners will enter into an agreement directly with your institution regarding the processing of any data at the direction of your institution.
Other Types of Disclosures. 
We may also share your information where required under the following circumstances:

Where permitted by applicable law and by contracts with our customers, we may disclose your information in the course of a corporate transaction such as a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or a financing, or pursuant to a bankruptcy, dissolution proceeding or reorganization.
We may need to disclose your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal processes. Where such disclosures relate to personal data we hold as a data processor on behalf of our customers, we will refer such requests to our customers where permissible.
We may need to disclose your information to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of SpotBus, our customers, or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or other misuse of our systems.
We may utilize aggregated or de-identified (anonymized) information that is no longer associated with a person to enhance and promote the SpotBus products and services. 
SpotBus does not rent, sell, or otherwise provide access to student personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
Marketing.
 We conduct marketing to promote the SpotBus products and services, but do not use or disclose information (whether personal information or otherwise) about students that we collect through the provision of SpotBus products and services for targeting of advertisements to students.When we conduct (or sponsor) events, conferences, and webinars, we will collect information about attendees, such as the session they attend and their contact information to provide them information about SpotBus products and services and other SpotBus information.

Marketing Preferences and Opt-Out. 
Our marketing emails will always include an “unsubscribe” link so that you can change your preferences and opt-out of receiving marketing emails or communications from SpotBus. You can also send us email at 
[email protected]
 to unsubscribe.Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we may still need to contact you with important information about your SpotBus account.
Interest-based Advertising. 
We use third party advertising tools to collect information about your visits to the SpotBus websites to provide targeted advertisements to you based on your browsing history on other websites or on other devices you may use. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.To learn more or opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:

Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based “AppChoices” download page (
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices.
).
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliiance (EDAA)’s consumer opt-out page (
http://youronlinechoices.eu.
).
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
Google Analytics and Advertising. 
We also use Google Analytics and other third-party cookies to collect certain information about your visits to our SpotBus websites.  You can opt-out of third-party cookies from Google Analytics using the 
Google Analytics opt-out browser setting add-on.
 or other ad management tools.You can learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
 and you can learn about managing your preferences.
“Do Not Track” Signals. 
Without a common industry or legal standard for interpreting so-called “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals, SpotBus does not respond to browser DNT signals.  We will continue to monitor further development of a DNT standard by the privacy community and industry.
III. Data Retention.
 Website Users.
We keep website usage information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above. Account information is retained until you delete the account and for a limited period thereafter. Where you have provided information in forms, we retain the information as long as it is required, depending on the nature of the request. If you unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from us, we will keep a record of this to ensure that you do not receive such communications in the future.
 Customers (Schools and School Districts).
We keep information collected on behalf of our customers for as long as necessary and pursuant to contractual terms. We dispose of information that is not held pursuant to contractual terms in a commercially reasonable time period or at the request of a customer.
 Children’s Privacy.
We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 16 unless and until the SpotBus customer (school or school district) has provided authorization for a student under 16 to use the SpotBus products and services and for us to collect personal information from such student.
Please contact us at 
[email protected]
 if you believe that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under 16 without proper consent.  This will allow us to delete such information as soon as possible.
 Security.
SpotBus employs a variety of physical, administrative, and technological safeguards that are designed to protect personal information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. We strive to continuously enhance our technical and operational security measures. Our measures consider the type and sensitivity of the data being collected, used, and stored, and the current state of technology and threats to information. SpotBus’s security measures include data encryption, firewalls, data use and access limitations for personnel and vendors, and physical access controls to our facilities. SpotBus independently verifies its security management system to the internationally recognized standard for security management and holds ISO 27001 certification. SpotBus also aligns its privacy and security operations to best practices and relevant international regulations.
 International Data Transfers: EU-U.S., Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield.
SpotBus is headquartered in the United States, and data is transferred to the United States for processing for the purposes of providing SpotBus products and services to customers outside the United States. This subsection is only applicable to customers that have contracted with SpotBus and reside in the European Union or Switzerland.
SpotBus participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. SpotBus is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).
SpotBus is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. SpotBus complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, SpotBus is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, SpotBus may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint).
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
We encourage you to contact us at 
[email protected]
 should you have a Privacy Shield-related question, concern, and/or complaint. SpotBus takes all concerns about privacy and use of personal information seriously and shall endeavor to reply to you within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
VII. Access (INCLUDING IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UNITED KINGDOM, OR SWITZERLAND) 
THIS SECTION APPLIES TO USERS OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT ARE LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND AT THE TIME OF DATA COLLECTION. WE MAY ASK YOU TO IDENTIFY WHICH COUNTRY YOU ARE LOCATED IN WHEN YOU USE SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR WE MAY RELY ON YOUR IP ADDRESS TO IDENTIFY YOUR COUNTRY LOCATION.
 SpotBus’s relationship to you.
Data Controller for Website Users – 
A “data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as our service providers are “data processors” that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions. With respect to the personal data of our customers or received through our SpotBus websites, SpotBus is a controller in relation to the information that you enter directly into the website about yourself or when you register for an account through your school or school district.
Data Processor for Schools and School Districts.
 – To the extent that SpotBus receives personal information through its customers’ (school or school district) use of SpotBus products or services, SpotBus is a processor and the SpotBus customer is the data controller.
 Individual data subject rights.  
In many of the SpotBus products and services, you will be able to access student information as well as change and delete some of the information by logging into the parent/student account. If you cannot access, correct, or delete the required information on your own, please follow these steps:
For parents/students: SpotBus does not control your personal information. We provide our products and services on behalf of your school or school district. Please contact your institution to exercise your rights of access, rectification, erasure, or restriction of use of personal information. The institution needs to manage your request under applicable laws and SpotBus will support our schools and school districts with such requests.
 For all access requests:
Please email SpotBus at 
[email protected]
 or contact us using the information in the “CONTACT US” section if you want to exercise any of these rights.
When we receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. Please be advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways: (i) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (ii) when granting access would have a negative impact on other’s privacy; (iii) to protect our rights and properties; and (iv) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
In many jurisdictions, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority.   A listing of EEA data protection authorities can be found at 
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
.   But, please contact us at SpotBus first, so we can address your concerns.
For information regarding how to contact our EU Representative, please contact us at 
[email protected]
VIII. United States Federal and State Education Privacy Laws.
SpotBus, in its role as a vendor to educational agencies and institutions, both public and private entities (“Educational Agencies”), receives disclosures from the Educational Agencies, which include the personal information and other data (“Student Data”) contained in student records as well as directly from students and parents of students. Only information that is needed for SpotBus to perform services, which are outsourced to SpotBus by the Educational Agencies, is disclosed to SpotBus. These disclosures are authorized by the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). SpotBus considers Student Data to be strictly confidential and do not use Student Data for any purpose other than improving and providing our products and services to the Educational Agencies or on the Educational Agencies’ behalf. Our collection, use, and sharing of Student Data is governed by our contracts with the Educational Agencies, the provisions of FERPA, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), and other applicable state and federal laws and regulations that relate to the collection and use of personal information of students. 
If you have questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting personal information of a student, please contact the relevant Educational Agency(ies) directly.
 Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows you to request information on how we disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at 
[email protected]
 or writing to us (see address below in “CONTACT US”).
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
 Links to Other Sites.
Our SpotBus websites may provide links to third party websites or resources. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement or any other policies or terms applicable to the SpotBus websites or the SpotBus products or services. We recommend that you review any terms of use and privacy policy of any linked third-party website before providing any information.
 Changes to This Privacy Statement.
We may update this Privacy Statement and its last updated date to reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XII. For U.S. Educational Agency Customers.
Pursuant to state law, the following state specific language is hereby incorporated into this Privacy Statement, provided that SpotBus is providing and/or offering you SpotBus products or services in one of the following states (capitalized terms below which are not otherwise defined in this Privacy Statement are as defined either in the applicable state law or in your SpotBus agreement):
California.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use PII from a Pupil’s Records to engage in targeted advertising.
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Colorado.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. Only the SpotBus employees that have a legitimate interest in accessing your data, will be granted authorization by SpotBus.
Connecticut.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use any student’s PII to engage in targeted advertising. SpotBus also avers to utilize industry standard security, or better, to ensure the protection of said student PII. Connecticut law shall govern this agreement between you and SpotBus. All terms herein are defined in accordance with Public Act No. 16-189, and in case of any ambiguity or conflict between the terms herein and Public Act No. 16-189, then Public Act No. 16-189 will govern.
Florida.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to requirements as mandated in the Florida Information Protection Act of 2014.
Maryland.
 – SpotBus will not use Covered Information to engage in targeted advertising.
New York.
 – In accordance with New York Education Law § 2-d, SpotBus will comply with and attach to your contract the Parents’ Bill of Rights for Data Privacy and Security, as applicable.
Pennsylvania.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to the requirements of Pennsylvania’s Breach of Personal Information Notification Act.
Washington.
 – SpotBus will provide notice before making material changes to this Privacy Statement.
XIII. Canada.
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) is a Canadian federal law that applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in the course of commercial activities in all Canadian provinces as supplemented by substantially similar provincial privacy laws in Alberta, British Columbia and Québec. PIPEDA also applies to international and interprovincial transfers of personal information. This policy is designed to comply with PIPEDA.
Disclosure and/or sharing of Personal Information.
SpotBus, Inc.
 reserves full ownership over the information collected on this domain 
www.SpotBus.us.
 and its subsidiaries. The said information is collected from reputed sources (Section 1.2) and from different points in the said domain and its sub-domains. We will not sell, share, and/or rent the said data to third-party vendor(s) in other ways than disclosed as below:
In reasonable need to offer similar services.
When you have provided us consent for the purpose.
When we are legally obliged to do so.
Usage of Personal Data.
We lawfully process subject data in abiding to fulfill our “legitimate interests”. The following includes a non-exhaustive list of “legitimate interests” under which we operate:
Betterment of our Services by providing easily accessible and usable technology(ies) that enable our clients to execute their business objectives with more certainty.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
Where processing in necessary to comply with our legal obligations, and on demand from regulatory authorities.
The data and content provided or made available to us by users across our Services is used in the collection, compilation and collation of data of respective subjects. Subject data is also used in conducting research and development programs to improve user experiences across our digital spectrum, and for the overall improvement of our Services.
We notify subjects about the usage of their data in writing, through emails or other media as available (SMS, push notifications etc.) and agreed by both parties. Our communications may also include:
Service Messages:
to acknowledge ongoing and concluded transactions and interactions. Examples include: welcome messages, meeting schedules etc. There are no opt-out options for service messages.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
Marketing Communications:
on our own behalf or on behalf of known third parties. Such communications maybe sent when subjects have shown interest in receiving so – even when they do not have an account with us. Each of our marketing communications has an opt-out option at the footer of the messaging, in case subjects desire to stop receiving future mails in the same regard.
we do not use personal data to engage in automated decision-making about subjects.
Sharing of Personal Data.
We share subject data with:
Our Affiliates (legal entities controlled by us, controlling us, or share a common authority of control with us) within reasonable limits, with the sole purpose of providing our Services.
Selected Third Parties, including our business partners, vendors/suppliers, and sub-contractors, for the performance of the contract we are in with them.
Analytics and Search Engine Providers who assist us in improving our digital presence from time to time.
Under special circumstances, we may disclose your data to other third parties too. Such circumstances may include and not be limited to:
Selling or buying of business assets.
Business acquisition by third party (data may become a transferred asset).
We ensure maximum contractual and operational safeguards in the instance of third-party processing of subject data.
Subject Rights for Data Security, Accuracy & Retention.
Under applicable data privacy regulations, subjects may:
Request for access to the data we have about them.
Request for the same to be updated, rectified, deleted, or blocked.
Request to abstain from using the said data.
Revoke their consent on processing their data (for consent-based processing).
Request for a machine-readable copy of the data we have of them.
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please email us at 
[email protected]
 or write to us at the following address:
SpotBus Inc.
114 Turnpike RD STE 106
Westborough MA 01581, USA.
Please note:
 We cannot always delete records of all historical data, and this is in compliance to legal audits and financial reporting purposes.
Opt-out Policy:
Upon your request, SpotBus, Inc will:
Allow any subscriber to “opt out” of further promotional contacts/li>
Use reasonable efforts to allow subscriber to update/correct personal information previously submitted which he/she states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests.
Initiate reasonable efforts to functionally delete the subscriber and his/her personal information from its database. Visitors should be aware that it might be impossible to completely delete erroneous information or a visitor’s personal information without some residual information remaining in its database because of backups and records of deletions.
In case of breaches or any other data-related concerns (subject to this privacy statement), subjects may lodge complaints with their regional data privacy regulator. For UK citizens, it is the Information Commissioner’s Office. Concerns can be directly reported at 
http://www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
.
We retain subject data for as long as it is reasonably necessary, for providing our Services. Such data is anonymized in a reasonably practical time-frame after the subject stops using our Services.
Sufficient safeguards are taken while transferring subject data to other countries. We are obliged to provide a copy of said safeguards and related privacy rights on request by the subjects in concern.
Data Security & Confidentiality.
At SpotBus, Inc we give utmost importance to safeguard your privacy, at every step of processing or storing your personal information. We take every step to protect the confidentiality and security of the said data. We apply a state-of-the-art server with the latest encryption. To provide you better services, without causing any disruption to your experience with us, we may share your personal information only with partners whose products/services are relevant to you.
3.1.
 SpotBus, Inc ensures that all customer data remains the property of the respective customers. We also do not use, rent, sell, transfer, or otherwise expose the contents of the tracking information resulting from click-through, messages opened, messages read, or eCommerce conversions. SpotBus, Inc provides an SSL encrypted, password-protected mechanism for viewing and extracting customer data.
3.2.
 We maintain all customer data in a carrier-class secure facility protected by firewalls and other security devices. These measures are designed to protect visitor and client information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration.
3.3.
 We use a third party for credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided expect for the sole purpose of credit card processing. We restrict access to this information to only those employees who require the information for business purposes.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy or this Privacy Statement, please contact us at 
[email protected]
You may also write to us at:
SpotBus Inc.
114 Turnpike RD STE 106
Westborough MA 01581, USA.

ATTN:  Privacy.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at 
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
.
 post end 
 
 content end 
Home.
About us.
Solutions.
Features.
Blogs.
Careers.
Contact us.
Book a Demo.
SpotBus Inc.

114 Turnpike RD STE 106

Westborough MA 01581, USA.
One Tara Boulevard.

Suite 200 Nashua, NH 03062
Quick Links.
 
About us.
Features.
Solutions.
Privacy Policy.
Subscribe.
Don’t miss SpotBus latest news and events. Subscribe to our newsletter channel and be informed.
© 2020-2021 SpotBus.
All Rights Reserved.
 wrap end 
 general wrap end 
 
 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 
 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

( 'fetch' in window ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-fetch.min.js?ver=3.0.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( document.contains ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-node-contains.min.js?ver=3.42.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.DOMRect ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-dom-rect.min.js?ver=3.42.0"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.URL && window.URL.prototype && window.URLSearchParams ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-url.min.js?ver=3.6.4"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( window.FormData && window.FormData.prototype.keys ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-formdata.min.js?ver=3.0.12"></scr' + 'ipt>' );( Element.prototype.matches && Element.prototype.closest ) || document.write( '<script src="https://spotbus.us/wp-includes/js/dist/vendor/wp-polyfill-element-closest.min.js?ver=2.0.2"></scr' + 'ipt>' );


/* <![CDATA[ */
var wpcf7 = {"api":{"root":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/wp-json\/","namespace":"contact-form-7\/v1"}};
/* ]]> */


/* <![CDATA[ */
var controller_opt = {"customScroll":"false","customScrollCursorcolor":"#222222","customScrollRailcolor":"#666666","customScrollCursorOpacityMin":"100","customScrollCursorOpacityMax":"100","customScrollCursorWidth":"10","customScrollCursorBorderRadius":"5","customScrollScrollSpeed":"60","customScrollMouseScrollStep":"40","postMax":"0","postStartPage":"1","postNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","postNoText":"No more posts","stickyHeaderHeight":"96","projectMax":"0","projectNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","projectNoText":"No more projects","projectLoadingText":"Loading projects","productMax":"0","productNextLink":"https:\/\/spotbus.us\/privacy-policy\/page\/2\/","productNoText":"No more products","productLoadingText":"Loading products","productButtonClass":"product-single-button","ajaxurl":"\/wp-admin\/admin-ajax.php"};
/* ]]> */

 The SpotBus applicant tracking products and services integrate with our customer’s systems. The specific information that is collected from our customer depends upon the SpotBus product or service, but in general, this information includes but is not limited to: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
: SpotBus will collect the following data categories directly from a customer’s applicant-user: name, age, email address, social security number, account credentials, academic and student records, background check information, and additional records as requested by the customer. SpotBus will receive regular updated information to keep account information accurate and up to date.
: We collect device and usage information when you access and use SpotBus products and services, including information that your browser or the mobile app sends when you are using it. This data may include your unique device identifier, IP address, your browser type and configuration, the date and time of your use of the product or service, and cookie data. Specifically, We and our service providers use cookies and similar technologies such as local storage (HTML5), web beacons, Javascript, and eTags. The purpose of collecting such information is for improvement of our products and services to better meet the needs of our customers and their users. Learn more about our use of cookies in our 
Cookie Statement.
On behalf of the customer.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of the customer education agency, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with our customer to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. The school, district, or education agency determines how the personal information is used.
. We use your information on behalf of and under the instruction of the customer education agency, which is the data controller. We use the information in accordance with our agreement with our customer to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the SpotBus products and services. The school, district, or education agency determines how the personal information is used.
We may also share your information where required under the following circumstances:

Where permitted by applicable law and by contracts with our customers, we may disclose your information in the course of a corporate transaction such as a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or a financing, or pursuant to a bankruptcy, dissolution proceeding or reorganization.
We may need to disclose your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal processes. Where such disclosures relate to personal data we hold as a data processor on behalf of our customers, we will refer such requests to our customers where permissible.
We may need to disclose your information to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of SpotBus, our customers, or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or other misuse of our systems.
We may utilize aggregated or de-identified (anonymized) information that is no longer associated with a person to enhance and promote the SpotBus products and services. 
We lawfully process subject data in abiding to fulfill our “legitimate interests”. The following includes a non-exhaustive list of “legitimate interests” under which we operate:
Betterment of our Services by providing easily accessible and usable technology(ies) that enable our clients to execute their business objectives with more certainty.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
Where processing in necessary to comply with our legal obligations, and on demand from regulatory authorities.
The data and content provided or made available to us by users across our Services is used in the collection, compilation and collation of data of respective subjects. Subject data is also used in conducting research and development programs to improve user experiences across our digital spectrum, and for the overall improvement of our Services.
We notify subjects about the usage of their data in writing, through emails or other media as available (SMS, push notifications etc.) and agreed by both parties. Our communications may also include:
to acknowledge ongoing and concluded transactions and interactions. Examples include: welcome messages, meeting schedules etc. There are no opt-out options for service messages.
When prior consent is asked from and provided by subjects through the same channel of communication, and the objective of such communication is in line with clause a).
on our own behalf or on behalf of known third parties. Such communications maybe sent when subjects have shown interest in receiving so – even when they do not have an account with us. Each of our marketing communications has an opt-out option at the footer of the messaging, in case subjects desire to stop receiving future mails in the same regard.
we do not use personal data to engage in automated decision-making about subjects.
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
 
When you interact with our websites we may gather personal information including:
 
 
your name, company name, email address, address information, and other contact info.
 
questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact us.
 
your email address and subscription preferences when you sign up to our email alerts (including opt out to the extent permitted).
 
how you use our emails – for example whether you open them and which links you click on.
 
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, online user identification profile, browsing behavior (including visits, pages viewed, clicks, time spent), details of which version of web browser you used, and your views of our digital advertisements when browsing other sites.
 
information on how you use the Site, using cookies and page tagging techniques (See Use of Cookies below).
 
your log in credentials, such as your user name, when you access a restricted content section.
 
organization details, job title, and phone numbers.
 
account details, registration information (including meal preferences and emergency contact information), user preferences, course details, support ticket information, support documentation and attachments, communication history, and survey information.
 
we collect payment information for purchases through third parties (see the section titled “What we do with your data” for more information).
 
 
This information is collected from you during your interaction with the website and direct communications with MRI.  We may also receive information about you from our vendors and partners who are authorized to share such information with us.  If you wish to receive a list of which vendor or partner has provided us information about you, please do so 
here.
.
 
 
MRI uses cookies to help us provide better customer service and to enhance the user experience and deliver personalized content. Many improvements and updates to this Site are based on the data collected through the cookies, such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. A “cookie” is a small text file stored locally in the computer used to access your account, and contains information relating to your past use of this Site. MRI may disclose the non-personally identifiable information collected, in aggregate form only, to third parties including advertisers or potential advertisers. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive feature of this Site or services you visit.  To learn more, please see our 
Cookies Policy.
.
 
 
The personal information that you provide to MRI, may be stored, processed, and used by MRI and its affiliates for the following purposes: (a) to provide information about our company, products and/or services, including updates, notifications, details of any offers or promotions, a better shopping cart experience, and order completion; (b) to assist us in improving our products, services or the content of this Site; (c) to contact you to participate in a market research survey, so that we can gauge customer satisfaction and develop better products; (d) for our own internal marketing and research purposes; (e) to promote user groups; (f) to make this Site or service easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing this Site or service to your particular interests or preferences; (g) to analyze information for trends and statistics; (h) to fulfill your request for information; (i) to provide services to you and your organization, which you have contracted for with us; and (j) MRI deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, enforce/protect our rights, privacy, safety and the rights, privacy, safety of other users. We may also provide this information to an agent acting on MRI’s behalf in connection with the activities described above, if permitted under law.
 
 
We have offices all over the world, which work together to provide top of the line services to our customers.  As such, some of your personal information may be transferred to MRI’s employees and agents overseas.  Each MRI office and MRI employee are required to meet the same security standards as the other offices and employees.  All transfers of personal information overseas shall be done after assurance of meeting such security standards and in accordance with applicable laws related to such transfer.  A full list of postal addresses for MRI can be found 
here.
.  Additionally, MRI adheres to the Privacy Shield framework established between the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission with respect to personal information that is transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States within the scope of MRI’s Privacy Shield certification. Read more about our 
Privacy Shield Policy.
.
 
MRI will occasionally hire other companies, which use cookies, to provide limited services on our behalf, such as packaging, sending, and delivering purchases and other mailings; answering customer questions about products or services; processing event registration; or performing statistical analysis of our services.  MRI will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service and shall be subject to all applicable laws related to such transfer.  These companies are 
here.
.
 
Except as described above, MRI will not sell, rent, or in any way intentionally disclose personal information that you provide to us on this Site to any third party (other than an agent acting on our behalf as described above), unless: (a) MRI is required to do so by law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, (b) MRI is required in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of MRI  employees, users of MRI products or services, or members of the public, or to enforce provisions of the 
Terms of Use.
; or (c) such disclosure is part of a sale or transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets or stock of MRI  or one or more divisions or affiliates of MRI .
 
 
From time to time, portions of this Site may allow you to post information which other visitors to this Site will be able to access (such as on a “bulletin board” or during an interactive “chat” with other visitors). In the event that you choose to post information in this context, it becomes generally available to the public, and we have no ability to control or limit its use by visitors to our site. By posting the information on this Site you are providing MRI and its affiliates the right to use the information in connection with the operation of MRI’s business. Therefore, we encourage you not to post any information you consider private or sensitive on this Site.
 

This Privacy Policy applies to the

"New York Daily News"

Alexa Skill created by 
SpokenLayer.

on behalf of

New York Daily News.

.


Questions can be emailed to our technical support address at 
support@spokenlayer.com.
.


Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as you must agree to this document in order to have permission to use our Service.


Throughout this document, we may use certain words or phrases, and it is important that you understand the meaning of them.  The following is a non-exhaustive list of definitions of words and phrases found in this document:


"Service" refers to the services that we provide through our Platform or Site, including the information, apps, skills, actions, podcasts and commentary that we publish, create, and power, and our Site itself;


"Platform" refers to the suite of services SpokenLayer provides to content creators, brands, and advertisers;


"Site" refers to our website, https://spokenlayer.com/;


"User" refers to anyone who uses our Service, including through the third parties on which we distribute content, and general visitors to our Site;


"SpokenLayer" refers to our company, known as "AUDIOis, Inc."; our Site; our Service; our Platform; or a combination of all or some of the preceding definitions, depending on the context in which the word is used;


"You" refers to you, the person who is governed by this Privacy Policy.

WHAT WE COLLECT.

SpokenLayer and our service providers collect Personal Data to offer services you have requested or that we have a legitimate interest to believe are of interest to our customers, to manage the relationships we have with our customers and partners, and to perform activities based on your consent. SpokenLayer and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you:


3.1 Personal Data


"Personal Data" for purposes of this Privacy Policy is the information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.


3.1.1 Personal Data You Submit


We collect Personal Data when you submit it to us, such as when you register for or sign on to the SpokenLayer Platform or Services; create a profile; participate in a sweepstakes, contest or game; take a survey; visit our SpokenLayer Services. The Personal Data you submit may include your name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), credit or debit card number, telephone number, mobile number, email address, gender, username, or profile picture.


3.1.2 Personal Data We Receive From Third Parties


To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive Personal Data about you from third parties, such as social media services, commercially available sources, content partners, business partners, and, if applicable to you, the third party provider of your access to SpokenLayer Services. The Personal Data we receive from third parties may include your user ID with the third party service, location, IP address.


3.2 Other Information


"Other Information" is any information that is not intended to reveal your specific identity to us, such as browser information, usage data, information collected through cookies and other technologies, demographic information, geolocation data obtained with your consent where required by applicable law, and aggregated information.



3.2.1 Other Information You Submit


We collect Other Information when you submit it to us. This may include your password, birthday, education, occupation, financial information (such as your income, investments, portfolio transactions and value, and other information), and interests.


3.2.2 Other Information We Receive From Third Parties


We may receive Other Information about you from third parties, including, for example, demographic data, social media account number, information about your interests, and information about your activities on other websites.


3.2.3 Other Information Collected Automatically


Our services use cookies and other tracking technologies to function effectively and deliver certain features. For more information about how we use cookies and tracking technologies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.


The SpokenLayer Services may also be linked to sites or apps operated by third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content, special offers, functionality, games or applications developed and maintained by third parties, using iframes, tools, or plug-ins ("Linked Services"). These third party Linked Services may use automated means to collect information about you and your use of these features.


SpokenLayer is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties, and once you leave the SpokenLayer Services or click an advertisement, or sign up for a special offer, you should check the applicable third party privacy policy.


3.2.4 Children Under the Age of 13


SpokenLayer does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.



We may use the Personal Data we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below. We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except if it is considered Personal Data under applicable law. If we combine Other Information with your Personal Data, we treat the combined information as Personal Data.


To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content, products and offers tailored to you, we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other SpokenLayer products, services and websites. In addition, we may supplement the Personal Data and Other Information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources, and information from SpokenLayer or business partners.


Through third party analytics providers, ad networks, and advertisers, we can track your online activities over time and across third party websites, apps and devices, by obtaining information through automated means.


This information, along with information we gather when you log in, can be used to understand use across sites and devices to help improve our products, remember your preferences, provide content recommendations, and show you advertisements on the SpokenLayer Services or other third party websites and apps that may be tailored to your individual interests. For more information, including how to manage cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.


4.1 To Provide, Measure And Improve Our Products And Services


We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products, services and features to you, including: to measure and improve services and features and to allow you to engage with content.


4.2 To Deliver Relevant Content And Recommendations


To make your experience more interesting and personalized, we may use any of the Personal Data and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our SpokenLayer Services.


4.3 To Deliver Advertising And Interest-Based Advertising


The SpokenLayer Platform and Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you (in certain cases, such as with respect to financial information, only with your express permission) to assist us in delivering ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests to you when you use the SpokenLayer Platform or Services or another service provided by SpokenLayer, SpokenLayer Partners, or unaffiliated third parties. (See What We Collect, above, for details on the types of information we may use.) We may work with third party online advertising companies, advertisers and ad networks who help deliver these ads to you. These third parties may collect and use information about your activities on our SpokenLayer Platform and Services and on other websites, and Other Information about you, to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests.


To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before using your information for interest-based advertising. To learn how to opt out of online interest-based advertising, please follow the instructions in the Your Rights and Choices section below.


If you provide your mobile phone number to us, we may ask for your consent to receive text message alerts from us containing product, event, or promotional information in a text or SMS message ("Text Messages"). Your consent to receive Text Messages is not required to purchase goods or services from us.


Users may in some cases be able to review and edit the personal information they have provided to us by logging into your account on the Site and editing their account.  Although most changes may occur immediately, information may still be stored in a web browser's cache.  We take no responsibility for stored information in your cache, or in other devices that may store information, and disclaim all liability of such.  In addition, we may, from time to time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or database.


We use cookies to remember your preferences.  For this reason, it is necessary that you enable cookies in your browser, and you hereby acknowledge that we have informed you of our use of cookies and that you consent to our use of cookies in relation to your computer system.


SpokenLayer may post links to third party websites on its Site.  These third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by SpokenLayer, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.


Please be aware that this Privacy Policy, and any other policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to members of the Service or Site. SpokenLayer bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website.  Please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each site you visit through third party links.

Our Privacy Policy Explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and how to review and update it.
Our Terms Of Use Describes the rules you agree to when using our services.
For our Terms of Use see 
https://twit.tv/terms-of-service.
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve The TWiT Services to you.
Types of Data Collected.
Personally Identifiable Information.
While using The TWiT Core Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personally Identifiable Information"). Personally Identifiable Information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data.
Additionally, while using TWiT Optional Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personally Identifiable Information"). Personally Identifiable Information may include, but is not limited to:
E-Mail Address.
Social Media Username and related Data when interacting with TWiT Social Media.
IRC Username.
Full Name.
Payment Data.
To add a premium subscription to our website, you will need to provide certain financial information, like your credit or debit card information, in order to facilitate the processing of payments. Although the membership purchase is made on our website, your financial information is collected and stored by our third-party payment processing company, Stripe, and the use and storage of that data are governed by Stripe’s applicable privacy policy. TWiT has no access to your credit or debit card number or other financial information other than the payment date and amount.
Personally identifiable information related to that transaction, including your first and last name, address, city, state, and zip code, will be shared between us, Memberful, and Stripe to facilitate your premium subscription to our website.
Usage Data.
We may also collect information on how The TWiT Services is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of The TWiT Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We do not try to identify individuals or otherwise collect Identifiable Information from IP addresses or web log information. IP addresses and web log information are used by TWiT LLC to, among other things, administer the Site, help diagnose technical problems, track and analyze aggregate data associated with the Site, design this Site and identify popular features.
We may aggregate IP addresses and/or weblog information, and may store, analyze, manipulate, display, disclose, distribute, retain, and otherwise use such non personally identifiable information. We may also provide IP addresses and/or weblog information to law enforcement agencies if someone tries to damage The TWiT Services or use them in an unauthorized or illegal way.
Tracking Cookies Data.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on The TWiT Services and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze The TWiT Services.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of The TWiT Services.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
 We use Session Cookies to operate The TWiT Services.
Security Cookies.
 We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies.
 Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
California "Do Not Track" Disclosure.
TWiT.tv does not currently take steps to respond to browsers' "Do Not Track" signals as no uniform standard to respond to such signals has been developed at this time.
TWiT LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain The TWiT Services.
To provide support for The TWiT Services.
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve The TWiT Services.
To monitor the usage and security of The TWiT Services.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
We also use the collected data to deliver relevant ads to you when you use The TWiT Services. As noted above, third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to help them deliver advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see 
www.aboutads.info.
, and to opt-out of such advertising networks' and services' advertising practices, go to 
www.aboutads.info/choices.
. TWiT adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles.
If you are a TWiT Optional Services user, TWiT may periodically send promotional materials or notifications on the "TWiT Social Media" social media accounts. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can follow the unfollow or unsubscribe instructions in the relevant social media services. We do not store the content posted on these services. For privacy policies and terms of use, refer to the relating social media service in question.
If you have subscribed to the TWiT Newsletter service, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. If you have signed up as a contributor for the TWiT Wiki, you may delete your account or contact us to have it deleted.
You have a right to review and request changes to any personally identifiable information that TWiT collects from you. To review or request changes, contact us at 
privacy@twit.tv.
 for that purpose. Please note that we may require you to verify your identity via postal mail for your data security and protection. Valid, identified requests will receive a response.
Statutory category of personal information (PI).
(click for details).
