
We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site and Service, including using SSL certificates.  However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information.  It is in our interest to keep our website secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.

 
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions, including, where appropriate, password protection, encryption and SSL to protect our Sites, the Application and the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security all of the time.
 
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your password private. Also, you should never share your log-in information with others. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
 

    We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  In order
    to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place
    suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and
    secure the information we collect online.
  

    We do not store your credit card information directly.  It is passed
    through to a third party credit card processing merchant using 128-bit
    SSL encryption.  We only keep your credit card's brand, last 4 digits
    and expiration date to assist and remind you of any billing related
    issues.
  
SpotBus employs a variety of physical, administrative, and technological safeguards that are designed to protect personal information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. We strive to continuously enhance our technical and operational security measures. Our measures consider the type and sensitivity of the data being collected, used, and stored, and the current state of technology and threats to information. SpotBus’s security measures include data encryption, firewalls, data use and access limitations for personnel and vendors, and physical access controls to our facilities. SpotBus independently verifies its security management system to the internationally recognized standard for security management and holds ISO 27001 certification. SpotBus also aligns its privacy and security operations to best practices and relevant international regulations.
 – To the extent that SpotBus receives personal information through its customers’ (school or school district) use of SpotBus products or services, SpotBus is a processor and the SpotBus customer is the data controller.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy.
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
 
To protect the privacy of personal information provided by you, MRI employs reasonable and adequate security measures, including industry-standard controls such as physical access controls, Internet firewalls, intrusion detection, and network monitoring. Additionally, only authorized administrators and staff have access to systems containing such information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
 

We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site and Service, including using SSL certificates.  However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information.  It is in our interest to keep our website secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
