
SpokenLayer permits residents of the State of California to use its Service. Therefore, it is the intent of SpokenLayer to comply with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579. If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes.  In summary, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. You may contact us at info@spokenlayer.com with any questions.

SpotBus is headquartered in the United States, and data is transferred to the United States for processing for the purposes of providing SpotBus products and services to customers outside the United States. This subsection is only applicable to customers that have contracted with SpotBus and reside in the European Union or Switzerland.
SpotBus participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. SpotBus is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).
SpotBus is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. SpotBus complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, SpotBus is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, SpotBus may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint).
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
We encourage you to contact us at 
[email protected]
 should you have a Privacy Shield-related question, concern, and/or complaint. SpotBus takes all concerns about privacy and use of personal information seriously and shall endeavor to reply to you within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows you to request information on how we disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at 
[email protected]
 or writing to us (see address below in “CONTACT US”).
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Our SpotBus websites may provide links to third party websites or resources. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement or any other policies or terms applicable to the SpotBus websites or the SpotBus products or services. We recommend that you review any terms of use and privacy policy of any linked third-party website before providing any information.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use PII from a Pupil’s Records to engage in targeted advertising.
Please see 
HERE.
 for our privacy notice regarding the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. Only the SpotBus employees that have a legitimate interest in accessing your data, will be granted authorization by SpotBus.
 – SpotBus will not use your data for any purpose beyond the indicated purposes in the Terms of Use, which includes this Privacy Statement. This includes, but is not limited to, SpotBus’s policy to never use any student’s PII to engage in targeted advertising. SpotBus also avers to utilize industry standard security, or better, to ensure the protection of said student PII. Connecticut law shall govern this agreement between you and SpotBus. All terms herein are defined in accordance with Public Act No. 16-189, and in case of any ambiguity or conflict between the terms herein and Public Act No. 16-189, then Public Act No. 16-189 will govern.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to requirements as mandated in the Florida Information Protection Act of 2014.
 – SpotBus will not use Covered Information to engage in targeted advertising.
 – In accordance with New York Education Law § 2-d, SpotBus will comply with and attach to your contract the Parents’ Bill of Rights for Data Privacy and Security, as applicable.
 – SpotBus will provide notification of a security breach pursuant to the requirements of Pennsylvania’s Breach of Personal Information Notification Act.
 – SpotBus will provide notice before making material changes to this Privacy Statement.
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) is a Canadian federal law that applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in the course of commercial activities in all Canadian provinces as supplemented by substantially similar provincial privacy laws in Alberta, British Columbia and Québec. PIPEDA also applies to international and interprovincial transfers of personal information. This policy is designed to comply with PIPEDA.
Disclosure and/or sharing of Personal Information.
 reserves full ownership over the information collected on this domain 
www.SpotBus.us.
 and its subsidiaries. The said information is collected from reputed sources (Section 1.2) and from different points in the said domain and its sub-domains. We will not sell, share, and/or rent the said data to third-party vendor(s) in other ways than disclosed as below:
In reasonable need to offer similar services.
When you have provided us consent for the purpose.
When we are legally obliged to do so.

SpokenLayer permits residents of the State of California to use its Service. Therefore, it is the intent of SpokenLayer to comply with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579. If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes.  In summary, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. You may contact us at info@spokenlayer.com with any questions.

TWiT seeks to fully comply with the European Union’s GDPR. Pursuant to this regulation, you have the following rights:
Right to be forgotten: You may cancel your account at any time. If you wish your data to be permanently deleted, you may contact us at 
privacy@twit.tv.
 and it will be deleted within 72 hours.
Right to object: We have never performed any data science projects on user data and do not anticipate doing so in the future. If at any point this should change you will be notified in writing. You may remove your contact data from any such project by emailing us at privacy@twit.tv with the subject line “Opt Out of Data Science”.
Right access and rectification: You can contact us at 
privacy@twit.tv.
 at any time to access copies of all user data we retain from you. We will remove, update, or change any personal information about you from our servers immediately upon your request.
Right of portability: We only retain your name and email address. Nevertheless, we will provide that information to you upon request.
In addition to the above, an "unsubscribe" option is automatically included in the footer of every TWIT newsletter. In the event you unsubscribe, we will immediately stop sending you our newsletter. Please understand that unsubscribing from our newsletter does not cancel your Memberful membership. In order to do so, please log into your Memberful account and cancel your account.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. TWiT LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personally Identifiable Information.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
 As we do not provide user accounts or profiles with the TWiT Core Services, you can only access, update or request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by contacting us to assist you. If you are a TWiT Optional Services user, you may delete your account or unsubscribe from the services or contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
 You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
 You have the right to object to our processing of your Personally Identifiable Information.
The right of restriction.
 You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
 You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
 You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where TWiT LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we do not attempt to tie IP address information to individual users as part of our processing of Usage Data for the TWiT Services.
You may be required to provide proof of ownership of an IP address from the relevant ISP at each time of use for each removal if you wish us to remove IP address information from our records. This is to protect the privacy of other users information as multiple users can share IP addresses.
However, IP address data is only collected for as long as necessary for the TWiT Services’ security, and access to the IP information is restricted to the appropriate administrators and service providers.
Please note that we may require you to verify your identity via postal mail for your data security and protection. Valid, identified requests will be responded to within the 30-day requirements of the GDPR upon receipt of the request. Contact 
privacy@twit.tv.
 for more information.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personally Identifiable Information. Please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA) for more information.
