 
You may modify any account information that you have submitted, by logging into your account (as and when we develop an account system) and updating your information. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time.
 
 
If we send you any news and newsletters, special offers, promotions or other information we think may interest you, you may tell us to stop sending you such e-mail communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in any such e-mail. Please note that it may take up to 10 days for us to process opt-out and opt-in requests. Further, if you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us.
 
 Whether you are a visitor to our websites, request a trial of our products or a whitepaper, or any other communication with us (such as attendance at a conference or trade show), this Privacy Statement governs our use of personal information for products and services that we provide directly to you as what is known as a “data controller.” How we collect information and how we use information may differ based on our relationship with you as an individual. We have identified below the different relationships we may have with you, and our respective use of information we collect.
. If you are an end-user (parent or student, applicant or employee) of our customer (a school or school district) and you are using SpotBus products and services through our customer (your school or school district), we are considered a “data processor.” In these cases, your school or school district’s privacy statement or privacy notice governs the use of any personal information. Our Privacy Statement does not supersede the terms of any agreements between us and your school or school district (our customer), nor does it affect the terms of any agreement between the student and the student’s school or school district.
 All student personal data remains the property of and is solely owned, and thereby controlled, by our SpotBus customers. You grant SpotBus a non-exclusive, royalty free license, to use equipment, software, your data or other material of yours solely for the purpose of providing, maintaining, and supporting you and other licensees with SpotBus products and services.SpotBus will only use student personal data for the purposes of providing the products and services that our customers (school or school districts) have contracted with us to provide and we will process student personal data according to instructions and the terms of our contract with our customers.Student personal data will not be used for targeted Advertising by SpotBus or any of its affiliates.
In many of the SpotBus products and services, you will be able to access student information as well as change and delete some of the information by logging into the parent/student account. If you cannot access, correct, or delete the required information on your own, please follow these steps:
Please email SpotBus at 
[email protected]
 or contact us using the information in the “CONTACT US” section if you want to exercise any of these rights.
When we receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. Please be advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways: (i) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (ii) when granting access would have a negative impact on other’s privacy; (iii) to protect our rights and properties; and (iv) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
In many jurisdictions, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority.   A listing of EEA data protection authorities can be found at 
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
.   But, please contact us at SpotBus first, so we can address your concerns.
For information regarding how to contact our EU Representative, please contact us at 
[email protected]
Under applicable data privacy regulations, subjects may:
Request for access to the data we have about them.
Request for the same to be updated, rectified, deleted, or blocked.
Request to abstain from using the said data.
Revoke their consent on processing their data (for consent-based processing).
Request for a machine-readable copy of the data we have of them.
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please email us at 
[email protected]
 or write to us at the following address:
 We cannot always delete records of all historical data, and this is in compliance to legal audits and financial reporting purposes.
Upon your request, SpotBus, Inc will:
Allow any subscriber to “opt out” of further promotional contacts/li>
Use reasonable efforts to allow subscriber to update/correct personal information previously submitted which he/she states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests.
Initiate reasonable efforts to functionally delete the subscriber and his/her personal information from its database. Visitors should be aware that it might be impossible to completely delete erroneous information or a visitor’s personal information without some residual information remaining in its database because of backups and records of deletions.
In case of breaches or any other data-related concerns (subject to this privacy statement), subjects may lodge complaints with their regional data privacy regulator. For UK citizens, it is the Information Commissioner’s Office. Concerns can be directly reported at 
http://www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
.
We retain subject data for as long as it is reasonably necessary, for providing our Services. Such data is anonymized in a reasonably practical time-frame after the subject stops using our Services.
Sufficient safeguards are taken while transferring subject data to other countries. We are obliged to provide a copy of said safeguards and related privacy rights on request by the subjects in concern.
Data Security & Confidentiality.
At SpotBus, Inc we give utmost importance to safeguard your privacy, at every step of processing or storing your personal information. We take every step to protect the confidentiality and security of the said data. We apply a state-of-the-art server with the latest encryption. To provide you better services, without causing any disruption to your experience with us, we may share your personal information only with partners whose products/services are relevant to you.
 SpotBus, Inc ensures that all customer data remains the property of the respective customers. We also do not use, rent, sell, transfer, or otherwise expose the contents of the tracking information resulting from click-through, messages opened, messages read, or eCommerce conversions. SpotBus, Inc provides an SSL encrypted, password-protected mechanism for viewing and extracting customer data.
 We maintain all customer data in a carrier-class secure facility protected by firewalls and other security devices. These measures are designed to protect visitor and client information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration.
 We use a third party for credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided expect for the sole purpose of credit card processing. We restrict access to this information to only those employees who require the information for business purposes.
 
Under data protection law, you have rights we need to make you aware of.
The rights available to you depend on your country of residency/citizenship and our reason for processing your information.  Please note that this is a comprehensive list of all rights that might apply and not a guarantee that all rights do apply to you under applicable law.
 
 
We must inform you of the categories of personal information being collected and the purposes for which it was collected.  Please see the section titled “Categories of Personal information” to find the categories of information that we collect.  Please note that not every category of information is collected in every interaction with this website.  Please see the sections titled “Why we need your data” and “What do we do with your data” to find the purposes for which it was collected.  We also must inform you, upon your request, of additional details about personal information that we currently hold about you across our company.  To receive such information, please file a request 
here.
.  You may also submit your request via email or post to the contact information listed at the bottom of this section.  We aim to proactively provide some of this information to you with respect to personal information collected through the Site.  Please see the section titled “Categories of Personal Information” to see what sources from which we collect personal information about you.  Please see the section titled “What we do with your data” to see the business or commercial purpose for sharing or selling personal information.  Please see the section titled “What we do with your data” to see the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information collected.  If you wish to request.
 
. If you wish to receive a copy of the specific pieces of information that we have collected and currently hold about you, please file a request 
here.
.  You may also submit your request via email or post to the contact information listed at the bottom of this section.  Once verified, we will promptly deliver to you a copy of that information.  Please note that we will send such information in a secure manner, which may require additional verification steps on your part to access such information but will not require the creation of an account with us.
 
 You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information.  Once verified, we will promptly delete your personal information, provided it does not fall into a category of data that is an exception to the deletion requirements under law.  To see some examples of exceptions to our obligation to delete your data, please see §1798.105(d) of the 
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
.  The exceptions that apply to your particular jurisdiction may vary.  To submit a request for your data to be deleted, you may submit a request 
here.
  You may also submit your request via email or post to the contact information listed at the bottom of this section.
 
 We must inform you as to whether your Personal Information is being shared or sold.  Please see the section titled “What we do with your data” to see to whom and how we share your information.  To find out how and to whom your specific information has been provided, you may submit a request 
here.
.  You may also submit your request via email or post to the contact information listed at the bottom of this section.  Once verified, we will promptly deliver to you a copy of that information.
 
You have the right to opt out of the future sale of your personal information.  If you wish to opt out of such sale (if any), please opt out by submitting a request at: 
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
.  You may also submit your request via email or post to the contact information listed at the bottom of this section. We will not require you to create an account in order for you to opt out.  Once we have received a verified request to stop selling your personal information, we will stop the sale of your personal information (if any).  We will not restart such sale without our authorization, which we may not request within twelve months of receiving your opt out notice.  You may see additional information about such right to opt out under §1798.120 and §1798.135 of the 
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
.  Please note that such opt out for not apply to the collection of personal information, nor the sharing of personal information with our service providers as long as such service providers do not sell your personal information.
 
 You have the right to not be discriminated against if you have exercised any of the rights granted to you under applicable data protection laws.
 
 
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights.  Please know that we may need additional information in order to verify the legitimacy of your request, verify your identity, or accurately match the personal information to the party to whom it belongs.  In such cases, we will contact you for additional details (if you have provided your contact information).  In order for us to effectuate your requests in a timely manner, you will need to provide such additional information promptly. Information provided to us for the purposes of exercising one of your rights will only be used to carry out your request under your rights.
 
Unless otherwise stated, MRI is the business (as defined under 
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
) for the personal information we collect and process through the Sites.  There are many ways you can contact us, including by phone, email, and post. Full contact details can be seen 
here.
.
 
If you wish to exercise your rights or raise a concern, please contact us:
 
By submitting a request 
online.
 
By email: 
MRIDataPrivacyPractitioner@mrisoftware.com.
 
By post:
 
MRI Global Headquarters:
 
28925 Fountain Parkway.
 
Solon, OH 44139
 
There may be an MRI office closer to your location.  A full list of postal addresses for MRI can be found 
here.
.
 
By phone:
 
(800) 321 8770
 
There may be an MRI phone number within your country code.  A full list of postal addresses for MRI can be found 
here.
.
 
 
If you are a citizen or resident of the UK, EU, or South Africa, please reference the privacy policy outlined in the 
MRI Privacy Policy (UK, Europe, Africa).
.
 
 
MRI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and MRI will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this Site as soon as they go into effect. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
 
Effective Date:  29 January 2020
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

    document.cookie = 'nitroCachedPage=' + (!window.NITROPACK_STATE ? '0' : '1') + '; path=/';

 

    if (!window.NITROPACK_STATE || window.NITROPACK_STATE != 'FRESH') {
        var proxyPurgeOnly = 0;
        if (typeof navigator.sendBeacon !== 'undefined') {
            var nitroData = new FormData(); nitroData.append('nitroBeaconUrl', 'aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubXJpc29mdHdhcmUuY29tL3ByaXZhY3ktcG9saWN5Lw=='); nitroData.append('nitroBeaconCookies', 'W10='); nitroData.append('nitroBeaconHash', 'ddae376ed2f9deaffdadc85cea977bfc73a15f30a9c0930f274214668f1097c9833d7324b93f4fef70dac11cd7671603054eef137412820de28307bafe015360'); nitroData.append('proxyPurgeOnly', ''); nitroData.append('layout', 'page'); navigator.sendBeacon(location.href, nitroData);
        } else {
            var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest(); xhr.open('POST', location.href, true); xhr.setRequestHeader('Content-Type', 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded'); xhr.send('nitroBeaconUrl=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubXJpc29mdHdhcmUuY29tL3ByaXZhY3ktcG9saWN5Lw==&nitroBeaconCookies=W10=&nitroBeaconHash=ddae376ed2f9deaffdadc85cea977bfc73a15f30a9c0930f274214668f1097c9833d7324b93f4fef70dac11cd7671603054eef137412820de28307bafe015360&proxyPurgeOnly=&layout=page');
        }
    }

 
 
 
 
 
Global/US.
Canada.
UK.
Ireland.
South Africa.
Australia.
New Zealand.
Singapore.
Hong Kong.
RentPayment.
Checkpoint ID.
Angus Systems.
eSight Energy.
Leverton.
